---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rafay_import_cluster Data Source - terraform-provider-rafay"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rafay_import_cluster (Data Source)

```terraform
data "rafay_import_cluster" "import-sample-cluster" {
  metadata = {
    name    = "import-cluster"
    project = "sample-project"
  }
}

output "eks_cluster" {
  description = "import_cluster"
  value       = data.rafay_import_cluster.import-sample-cluster
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `clustername` (String) The name of the import Cluster. This must be unique in your organization.
- `projectname` (String) The name of the Rafay project the cluster will be created in.

### Optional

- `blueprint` (String) The name of the blueprint.
- `blueprint_sync` (String) The status of the blueprint.
- `blueprint_version` (String) The name of the blueprint version.
- `cluster_health` (String) The status of cluster health
- `description` (String) 
- `kubernetes_provider` (String) The name of the Provider using for importing the cluster.
- `labels` (Map of String) The labels for the cluster.
- `location` (String) The location for the cluster.
- `nodes` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--nodes))
- `operational_status` (String) The status of the cluster for operations.
- `provision_environment` (String) The provision environment of the cluster.
- `provision_status` (String)   The provision status of the cluster.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the cluster.

<a id="nestedblock--nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the node.
- `node_id` (String) The id of the node.

Optional:

- `additional_storage_devices` (List of String) The list of additional storage devices.
- `approved` (Boolean) The approved status of node.
- `edge_id` (String) The id of the cluster.
- `ips` (List of String) The list of ips.
- `ipv4_interface` (List of String) The list of ipv4 interfaces.
- `ipv4_interfaces_all` (List of String) The list of ipv6 interfaces.
- `labels` (Map of String) The labels of the node.
- `num_cores` (Number) The count of cores per node.
- `private_ip` (String) 
- `roles` (List of String) The list of roles.
- `storage_devices_all` (List of String) The list of storage devices.
- `tags` (Map of String) The tags of the node.
- `total_memory` (Number) The total memory of the node.

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `modified_at` (String)
- `status` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String)