---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rafay_aks_workload_identity Resource - terraform-provider-rafay"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
---

# rafay_aks_workload_identity (Resource)

This example is for the AKS Workload Identity.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rafay_aks_workload_identity" "demo-terraform" {
  metadata {
    cluster_name = "aks-tf-wi-1"
    project      = "defaultproject"
  }

  spec {
    create_identity = true

    metadata {
      name           = "aks-tf-wi-1-uai-1"
      location       = "centralindia"
      resource_group = "aks-rg-ci"
      tags = {
        "owner"      = "aks"
        "department" = "engg"
      }
    }

    role_assignments {
      name  = "Key Vault Secrets User"
      scope = "/subscriptions/a2252eb2-7a25-432b-a5ec-e18eba6f26b1/resourceGroups/aks-rg-ci/providers/Microsoft.KeyVault/vaults/aks-keyvault"
    }

    service_accounts {
      create_account = true

      metadata {
        name      = "aks-tf-wi-1-sa-10"
        namespace = "default"
        annotations = {
          "role" = "dev"
        }
        labels = {
          "owner"      = "aks"
          "department" = "engg"
        }
      }
    }

  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `metadata`: (Required) The metadata for the AKS workload identity. It includes the `cluster_name` and `project` attributes.

  - `cluster_name`: (Required) The name of the cluster.

  - `project`: (Required) The project name.

- `spec`: (Required) The specification for the AKS workload identity. It includes the `create_identity`, `metadata`, `role_assignments`, and `service_accounts` attributes.

  - `create_identity`: (Optional) Specifies whether to create the identity or not.

  - `metadata`: (Required) The metadata for the AKS workload identity. It includes the `name`, `location`, `resource_group`, and `tags` attributes.

    - `name`: (Required) The name of the AKS workload identity.

    - `location`: (Required) The location of the AKS workload identity.

    - `resource_group`: (Required) The resource group of the AKS workload identity.

    - `tags`: (Optional) The tags for the AKS workload identity.

  - `role_assignments`: (Optional) The role assignments for the AKS workload identity. It includes the `name` and `scope` attributes.

    - `name`: (Required) The name of the role assignment.

    - `scope`: (Required) The scope of the role assignment.

  - `service_accounts`: (Optional) The service accounts for the AKS workload identity. It includes the `create_account`, `metadata`, and `annotations` attributes.

    - `create_account`: (Optional) Specifies whether to create the service account or not.

    - `metadata`: (Required) The metadata for the service account. It includes the `name`, `namespace`, and `labels` attributes.

      - `name`: (Required) The name of the service account.

      - `namespace`: (Required) The namespace of the service account.

      - `annotations`: (Optional) The annotations for the service account.

      - `labels`: (Optional) The labels for the service account.
