---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rafay_catalog Resource - terraform-provider-rafay"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rafay_catalog (Resource)

Create a catalog resource. Create custom catalogs within a project and add applications as required.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rafay_catalog" "basic_custom_catalog" {
  metadata {
    name    = "terraform-test"
    project = "terraform"
  }
  spec {
    auto_sync  = false
    repository = "istio-terraform"
    type       = "HelmRepository"
    sharing {
      enabled = true
      projects {
        name = "defaultproject"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

---

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Required

- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Contains data that helps uniquely identify the resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Specifications for the catalog resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) Sets the duration of time the create, delete, and update functions are allowed to run. If the function takes longer than this, it is assumed the function has failed. The default is 10 minutes. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the resource. This must be unique in your organization.
- `project` (String) The name of the project the catalog will be created in.

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) A key value map stored with the namespace that can be used to store metadata.
- `description` (String) A description of the resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) A map of string keys and values for organizing and categorizing namespaces.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

### Optional

- `auto_sync` (Boolean) Enable periodically synchronizing the catalog.
- `icon_url` (String) The URL for the catalog icon.
- `repository` (String) The name of the catalog helm repository.
- `sharing` (Block List, Max: 1) The catalog sharing configuration. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--sharing))
- `type` (String) The type of catalog.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--sharing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sharing`

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable sharing the resource.
- `projects` (Block List) The list of projects this resource is shared to. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--sharing--projects))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--sharing--projects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sharing.projects`

### Optional

- `name` (String) The name of the project the catalog resource is applied to.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

### Optional

- `create` (String) Sets the timeout duration for creating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.
- `delete` (String) Sets the timeout duration for deleting a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.
- `update` (String) Sets the timeout duration for updating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.

---

## Attribute Reference

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource, generated by the system after you create the resource. 
