---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rafay_chargeback_group Resource - terraform-provider-rafay"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rafay_chargeback_group (Resource)

A chargeback group is a collection of resources forming a logical entity in a customer's organization.

## Example Usage

Example Chargeback Group resource with Summary Type:

```terraform
resource "rafay_chargeback_group" "tfdemosummarycbgroup1" {
  metadata {
    name = "tfdemosummarycbgroup1"
  }
  spec {
    type = "summary"
    inclusions {
      project = "project-1"
    }
    aggregate {
      project = false
      cluster = false
      namespace = false
      label = [
        "test-cb"
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

---

Example Chargeback Group resource with Summary Type for Nampespace aggregation with additionalNSLabels:

```terraform
resource "rafay_chargeback_group" "tfdemosummarycbgroup2" {
  metadata {
    name = "tfdemosummarycbgroup2"
    annotations = {
          "additionalNSLabels" = "label1,label2"
        }
  }
  spec {
    type = "summary"
    inclusions {
      project = "project-1"
    }
    aggregate {
      namespace = true
    }
  }
}
```

---

Example Chargeback Group resource with Detailed Type:

```terraform
resource "rafay_chargeback_group" "tfdemodetailedcbgroup1" {
  metadata {
    name = "tfdemodetailedcbgroup1"
  }
  spec {
    type = "detailed"
    inclusions {
      project = "project-1"
      label = [
         "test-cb"
      ]
    }
    exclusions {
      cluster = "eks-cluster-1"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

***Required***

- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Contains data that helps uniquely identify the resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Specification of the chargeback group resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

***Optional***

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) Sets the duration of time the create, delete, and update functions are allowed to run. If the function takes longer than this, it is assumed the function has failed. The default is 10 minutes. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

***Required***

- `name` (String) The name of the resource.

***Optional***

- `annotations` - (Map of String) Optional metadata for the resource. The key additionalNSLabels can be used to specify a comma-separated list of namespace labels (e.g., "additionalNSLabels" = "label1,label2"). These labels will be included in the chargeback report when namespace level aggregation is enabled

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

***Required***

- `type` (String) The type of chargeback group. The supported values are: `summary` and `detailed`.

***Optional***

- `inclusions` (Block List) Filter to include resources to track. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--filter))
- `exclusions` (Block List) Filter to exclude resources to track. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--filter))
- `aggregate` (Block List) Filter to aggregate resources to track for summary report. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--aggregate-filter))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.includsion` and `spec.exclusions`

***Optional***

- `project` (String) The name of project to include/exclude.
- `cluster` (String) The name of cluster to include/exclude.
- `namespace` (String) The name of namespace to include/exclude.
- `label` - (List of String) The labels to include/exclude.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--aggregate-filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.aggregate`

***Optional***

- `project` (Boolean) Enable aggregating based on project.
- `cluster` (Boolean) Enable aggregating based on cluster.
- `namespace` (Boolean) Enable aggregating based on namespace.
- `label` - (List of String) Aggregate based on labels.
- `namespace_label` - (List of String) Aggregate based on namespace labels.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

***Optional***

- `create` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for creating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.
- `delete` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for deleting a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.
- `update` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for updating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.

## Attribute Reference

---

- `id` - (String) The ID of the resource, generated by the system after you create the resource.
