---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rafay_chargeback_share Resource - terraform-provider-rafay"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rafay_chargeback_share (Resource)
Chargeback group share is to enable/disable the Share unallocated cost based on tenancy or resource allocation.

## Example Usage

Example Chargeback Share resource :

```terraform
resource "rafay_chargeback_share" "tfdemochargebackshare" {
  metadata {
    name = "chargebackshare"
  }
  spec {
    share_enabled = true
    share_type = "tenancy"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

***Required***

- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Contains data that helps uniquely identify the resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Specification of the chargeback group report resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

***Optional***

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) Sets the duration of time the create, delete, and update functions are allowed to run. If the function takes longer than this, it is assumed the function has failed. The default is 10 minutes. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

***Required***

- `name` (String) The name of the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

***Required***

- `share_enabled` (Boolean) Enable/disable the Share unallocated cost. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--time))
- `share_type` (String) The share type. The supported values are `allocation` and `tenancy`.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

***Optional***

- `create` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for creating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.
- `update` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for updating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.

## Attribute Reference

---

- `id` - (String) The ID of the resource, generated by the system after you create the resource.
