---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rafay_cluster_network_policy_rule Resource - terraform-provider-rafay"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rafay_cluster_network_policy_rule (Resource)
Cluster-Wide Network Policy Rules is a construct that defines a grouping of network security rules that can then be applied to a cluster-wide policy.


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rafay_cluster_network_policy_rule" "tfdemocnpr1" {
  metadata {
    name    = "tfdemocnpr1"
    project = "terraform"
  }
  spec { 
    artifact { 
      type = "Yaml"
      artifact {
        paths { 
          name = "file://artifacts/cluster-network-policy.yaml" 
        } 
      } 
    }
    version = "v0"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

***Required***

- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Metadata of the cluster network policy rule resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Specification of the cluster network policy rule resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))
  
***Optional***

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

***Required***

- `name` (String) name of the resource
- `project` (String) Project of the resource


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

***Required***

- `artifact` (Block List, Max: 1) cluster network policy rule artifact specification (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--artifact))
- `version` (String) version of the cluster network policy rule

***Optional***	

- `sharing` (Block List, Max: 1) cluster network policy rule sharing configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--sharing))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--artifact"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.artifact`

***Required***

- `artifact` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--artifact--artifact))
- `type` (String) type of the artifact
  
<a id="nestedblock--spec--artifact--artifact"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.artifact.artifact`

**Required***

- `paths` (Block List, Max: 1) relative path to file (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--artifact--artifact--paths))
- `repository` (String) name of the git repository
- `revision` (String) branch or tag in the git repository


<a id="nestedblock--spec--artifact--artifact--paths"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.artifact.artifact.paths`

***Required***

- `name` (String) relative path of a artifact


<a id="nestedblock--spec--sharing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sharing`

***Required***

- `enabled` (Boolean) flag to specify if sharing is enabled for resource
- `projects` (Block List) list of projects this resource is shared to (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--sharing--projects))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--sharing--projects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sharing.projects`

***Required***

- `name` (String) name of the project

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

***Optional***
- `create` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for creating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes. 
- `delete` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for deleting a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes. 
- `update` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for updating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes. 


## Attribute Reference

---

- `id` - (String) The ID of the resource, generated by the system after you create the resource.
