---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rafay_cluster_mesh_rule Resource - terraform-provider-rafay"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rafay_cluster_mesh_rule (Resource)

A cluster-wide service mesh rule is a construct that defines a grouping of service mesh rules that can then be applied to a cluster-wide policy.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rafay_cluster_mesh_rule" "tfdemocmr1" {
  metadata {
    name    = "tfdemocmr1"
    project = "terraform"
  }
  spec { 
    artifact { 
      type = "Yaml"
      artifact {
        paths { 
          name = "file://artifacts/cluster-mesh-rule.yaml" 
        } 
      } 
    }
    version = "v0"
    sharing {
      enabled = false
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

***Required***

- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Contains data that helps uniquely identify the resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Defines the characteristics for the resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))
  
***Optional***

- `timeouts` (Block) Sets the duration of time the create, delete, and update functions are allowed to run. If the function takes longer than this, it is assumed the function has failed. The default is 10 minutes. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

***Required***

- `name` (String) The name of the resource. This must be unique to the organization.
- `project` (String) The project(s) the resource belongs to.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

***Required***

- `artifact` (Block List, Max: 1) Contains data about the artifact. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--artifact))
- `version` (String) The version of the cluster mesh rule.

***Optional***

- `sharing` (Block List, Max: 1) The sharing configuration for the cluster mesh rule. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--sharing))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--artifact"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.artifact`

***Required***

- `artifact` (Block List, Max: 1) Contains data about the artifact repository. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--artifact--artifact))
- `type` (String) The type of artifact.
  
<a id="nestedblock--spec--artifact--artifact"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.artifact.artifact`

**Required***

- `paths` (Block List, Max: 1) The relative path to file. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--artifact--artifact--paths))
- `repository` (String) The name of the Git repository.
- `revision` (String) The branch or tag in the Git repository.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--artifact--artifact--paths"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.artifact.artifact.paths`

***Required***

- `name` (String) The relative path of an artifact.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--sharing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sharing`

***Required***

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable sharing for this resource.
- `projects` (Block List) The list of projects this resource is shared to. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--sharing--projects))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--sharing--projects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sharing.projects`

***Required***

- `name` (String) The name of the project.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

***Optional***

- `create` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for creating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.
- `delete` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for deleting a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.
- `update` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for updating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.


## Attribute Reference

---

- `id` - (String) The ID of the resource, generated by the system after you create the resource.
