---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rafay_cluster_network_policy Resource - terraform-provider-rafay"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rafay_cluster_network_policy (Resource)

A cluster-wide policy is a bundle of network security rules that can be applied to one or more clusters via blueprints.


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rafay_cluster_network_policy" "tfdemocnp2" {
  metadata {
    name    = "tfdemocnp2"
    project = "terraform"
  }
  spec {
    version = "v0"
    rules {
      name = "cluster-network-rule"
      version = "v0"
    }
    sharing {
      enabled = false
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

---

***Required***

- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Contains data that helps uniquely identify the resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Defines the characteristics for the resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

***Optional***

- `timeouts` (Block) Sets the duration of time the create, delete, and update functions are allowed to run. If the function takes longer than this, it is assumed the function has failed. The default is 10 minutes. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))


<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

***Required***

- `name` (String) The name of the resource. This must be unique to the organization.
- `project` (String) The Rafay project(s) the resource belongs to.


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

***Required***

- `rules` (Block List) A list of cluster network policy rules. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules))
- `version` (String) The version of the cluster network policy.

***Optional***

- `sharing` (Block List, Max: 1) The cluster network policy sharing configuration. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--sharing))


<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules`

***Required***

- `name` (String) The name of the cluster network policy rule.
- `version` (String) The version of the cluster network policy rule.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--sharing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sharing`

***Required***

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables sharing the resource.
- `projects` (Block List) A list of projects this resource is shared with. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--sharing--projects))


<a id="nestedblock--spec--sharing--projects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sharing.projects`

***Required***

- `name` (String) The name of the project.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

***Optional***
- `create` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for creating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.
- `delete` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for deleting a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.
- `update` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for updating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.


## Attribute Reference

---

- `id` - (String) The ID of the resource, generated by the system after you create the resource.
