---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rafay_cluster_sharing Resource - terraform-provider-rafay"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rafay_cluster_sharing (Resource)

## Example Usage
Cluster sharing example, share to specific projects

```terraform
resource "rafay_cluster_sharing" "demo-terraform-specific" {
  clustername = "demo-terraform"
  project     = "terraform"
  sharing {
    all = false
    projects {
      name = "terraform-1"
    }
    projects {
      name = "terraform-2"
    }
    projects {
      name = "terraform-3"
    }
  }
}
```

---

Cluster sharing example to share with ALL projects

```terraform
resource "rafay_cluster_sharing" "demo-terraform-all" {
  clustername = "demo-terraform"
  project     = "terraform"
  sharing {
    all = true
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

***Required***

- `clustername` (String) The name of cluster
- `project` (String) The name of project.
- `sharing` (Block List, Max: 1) The sharing configuration. A cluster can be shared with one or more projects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sharing))

***Optional***

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) Sets the duration of time the create, delete, and update functions are allowed to run. If the function takes longer than this, it is assumed the function has failed. The default is 10 minutes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

<a id="nestedblock--sharing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sharing`

***Required***

- `all` (Boolean) flag to specify if shared to all projects
- `projects` (Block List) list of projects this cluster is shared to (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sharing--projects))

**Note**:
- when 'all' is set to true, do not specify projects list.


<a id="nestedblock--sharing--projects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sharing.projects`

***Required***

- `name` (String) name of the project


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

***Optional***

- `create` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for creating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.
- `delete` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for deleting a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.
- `update` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for updating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.

---

## Attribute Reference

- `id` - (String) The ID of the resource, generated by the system after you create the resource.