---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rafay_container_registry Resource - terraform-provider-rafay"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rafay_container_registry (Resource)

A container registry resource.

## Example Usage

JFrog Example

```terraform
resource "rafay_container_registry" "tfdemocr" {
  metadata {
    name    = "tfdemocr"
    project = "terraform"
  }

  spec {
    provider = "JFrog"
    credentials {
      password = "abc123"
      username = "user@email.com"
    }
    endpoint = "democr.jfrog.io.gov"
  }
}
```

---

Custom Example

```terraform
resource "rafay_container_registry" "tfdemocr" {
  metadata {
    name    = "tfdemocr"
    project = "terraform"
  }
   spec {
    provider = "Custom"
    credentials {
      password = "abc123"
      username = "user"
    }
    endpoint = "myregistry.example.com:5000"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

---

***Required***

- `metadata` - (Block List, Max: 1) Contains data that helps uniquely identify the resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` - (Block List, Max: 1) Defines the characteristics for the resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

***Optional***

- `timeouts` - (Block) Sets the duration of time the create, delete, and update functions are allowed to run. If the function takes longer than this, it is assumed the function has failed. The default is 10 minutes. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

---

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

***Required***

- `name` - (String) The name of the resource. This must be unique to the organization.
- `project` - (String) The project(s) the resource belongs to.

***Optional***

- `annotations` - (Map of String) Annotations for the resource.
- `description` - (String) A description for the resource.
- `labels` - (Map of String) Labels for the resource.

---

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

***Required***

- `credentials` - (Block List) The username and password to access the resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--credentials))
- `endpoint` - (String) The fully qualified domain name (FQDN) for the endpoint. This could include the port number.
- `provider` - (String) The name of the provider for the resource. The supported values are: `custom` and `JFrog`.

***Optional***

- `secret` - (Block List, Max 1) The container registry secrets. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--secret))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.credentials`

***Optional***

- `access_key_id` - (String) Get your AWS access and secret keys from the AWS management console.
- `access_secret_key` - (String) The AWS secret key. Get your AWS access and secret keys from the AWS management console.
- `json_key_data` - (String) The credential file. This is the relative path to the JSON file that contains the credentials.
- `password` - (String) The password to access the resource.
- `region` - (String) The region for the container registry, if required.
- `service_principal_id` - (String) The Azure service principal ID.
- `service_principal_password` - (String) The Azure service principal password.
- `username` - (String) The username to access the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret`

***Optional***

- `name` - (String) The relative path of the artifact.
- `sensitive` - (Boolean) If set to true, the contents of the file are encoded using base64.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

***Optional***

- `create` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for creating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.
- `delete` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for deleting a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.
- `update` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for updating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.

## Attribute Reference

---

- `id` - (String) The ID of the resource, generated by the system after you create the resource.
