---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rafay_gke_cluster Resource - terraform-provider-rafay"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rafay_gke_cluster (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rafay_gke_cluster" "tf-example" {
  metadata {
    name    = var.name
    project = "defaultproject"
  }
  spec {
    type = "gke"
    blueprint {
      name    = "minimal"
      version = "latest"
    }
    cloud_credentials = "-dev-"
    config {
      gcp_project           = "dev-382813"
      control_plane_version = "1.26"
      location {
        type = "zonal"
        config {
          zone = "us-central1-c"
        }
      }
      network {
        name        = "default"
        subnet_name = "default"
        # we can configure shared VPC as well
        # name = "projects/kr-test-200723/global/networks/km-1"
        # subnet_name = "projects/kr-test-200723/regions/us-central1/subnetworks/km-1"
        enable_vpc_nativetraffic = "true"
        max_pods_per_node        = 110
        # configure below values when using shared VPC
        # pod_secondary_range_name = "pod"
        # service_secondary_range_name = "service"
        access {
          type = "public"
        }
      }
      features {
        enable_compute_engine_persistent_disk_csi_driver = "true"
      }
      node_pools {
        name         = "np"
        node_version = "1.26"
        size         = 3
        machine_config {
          machine_type   = "e2-standard-4"
          image_type     = "COS_CONTAINERD"
          boot_disk_type = "pd-standard"
          boot_disk_size = 100
        }
        management {
          auto_upgrade = "true"
        }
        upgrade_settings {
          strategy = "SURGE"
          surge_settings {
            max_surge       = 0
            max_unavailable = 1
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Required

- `metadata` - (Block List, Max: 1) Contains data that helps uniquely identify the resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` - (Block List, Max: 1) Defines the characteristics for the resource. This is the desired state for the resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Optional

- `timeouts` - (Block) Sets the duration of time the create, delete, and update functions are allowed to run. If the function takes longer than this, it is assumed the function has failed. The default is 10 minutes. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))


### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`


***Required***

- `name` - (String) The name of the AKS Cluster. This must be unique in your organization.
- `project` - (String) The name of the Rafay project the cluster will be created in.

***Optional***

- `annotations` (Map of String) annotations of the resource
- `description` (String) description of the resource
- `labels` (Map of String) labels of the resource

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`


***Required***

- `cloud_credentials` - (String) The name of the cloud credentials used to create and manage the cluster.
- `config` - (Block List, Min: 1) The AKS specific cluster configuration. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config))
- `type` - (String) The GKE Cluster type. The supported value is `gke`.
- `blueprint` (Block List, Max: 1) The blueprint to be used for this cluster. Use this for GKE cluster type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--blueprint))

Optional:

- `proxy` (Block List, Max: 1) The proxy to be used for this cluster. Use this for GKE cluster type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--proxy))
- `sharing` (Block List, Max: 1) Sharing spec to be used for sharing the cluster with projects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--sharing))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--blueprint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.blueprint`

***Required***

- `name` (String)
- `version` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `control_plane_version` (String) Kubernetes version of ControlPlane
- `eksa_cluster_config` (Block List, Max: 1) EKSA cluster configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config))
- `eksabm_project` (String) EksaBm Project name.
- `features` (Block List, Max: 1) GKE cluster additional features configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--features))
- `gcp_project` (String) GCP Project name.
- `kind` (String)
- `kubernetes_provider` (String) kubernetes provider of the cluster
- `location` (Block List, Max: 1) GKE cluster location configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--location))
- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--metadata))
- `network` (Block List, Max: 1) GKE cluster Network configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--network))
- `node_pools` (Block List) GKE cluster node pool configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--node_pools))
- `pre_bootstrap_commands` (List of String) Commands will be executed every time Cluster nodes come up. Example: Node Creation, Node Restart.
- `provision_environment` (String) provisioning environment for the cluster
- `security` (Block List, Max: 1) GKE cluster Network configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--security))
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec))
- `tinkerbell_datacenter_config` (Block List, Max: 1) EKSA data center where cluster will be launched (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--tinkerbell_datacenter_config))
- `tinkerbell_hardware_config` (Block List) EKSA hardware configuration that will serve as nodes for the cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--tinkerbell_hardware_config))
- `tinkerbell_machine_config` (Block List) EKSA machine configuration to associate control-plane/worker-node-group with users and template (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--tinkerbell_machine_config))
- `tinkerbell_template_config` (Block List) EKSA template details that will be run as workflow for the node provisioning (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--tinkerbell_template_config))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.eksa_cluster_config`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Api version of EKSA cluster resource
- `kind` (String) Kind of EKSA cluster resource
- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Metadata associated with the EKSA cluster configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Specifications of EKSA cluster configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.eksa_cluster_config.spec`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) EKSA Cluster Annotations
- `labels` (Map of String) EKSA Cluster Labels
- `name` (String) EKSA Cluster Name


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.eksa_cluster_config.spec`

Optional:

- `cluster_network` (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration specific to network of cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--cluster_network))
- `control_plane_configuration` (Block List, Max: 1) Specific control plane configuration for your Kubernetes cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--control_plane_configuration))
- `data_center_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Refers to the kubernetes object with tinkerbell specific configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--data_center_ref))
- `kubernetes_version` (String) The Kubernetes version you want to use for your cluster
- `management_cluster` (Block List, Max: 1) details of management cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--management_cluster))
- `worker_node_group_configurations` (Block List) This takes in a list of node groups that you can define for your workers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--worker_node_group_configurations))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--cluster_network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.eksa_cluster_config.spec.cluster_network`

Optional:

- `cni_config` (Block List, Max: 1) CNI plugin to be installed in the cluster. The only supported value at the moment is cilium (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--cluster_network--cni_config))
- `nodes` (Block List, Max: 1) Node configurations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--cluster_network--nodes))
- `pods` (Block List, Max: 1) Pod configurations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--cluster_network--pods))
- `proxy` (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration specific to setup a proxy of cluster network (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--cluster_network--proxy))
- `services` (Block List, Max: 1) Service configurations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--cluster_network--services))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--cluster_network--cni_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.eksa_cluster_config.spec.cluster_network.services`

Optional:

- `cilium` (Block List, Max: 1) Cilium configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--cluster_network--services--cilium))
- `kindnetd` (Block List, Max: 1) Kindnetd configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--cluster_network--services--kindnetd))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--cluster_network--services--cilium"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.eksa_cluster_config.spec.cluster_network.services.kindnetd`

Optional:

- `policy_enforcement_mode` (String) PolicyEnforcementMode


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--cluster_network--services--kindnetd"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.eksa_cluster_config.spec.cluster_network.services.kindnetd`



<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--cluster_network--nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.eksa_cluster_config.spec.cluster_network.services`

Optional:

- `cidr_mask_size` (Number) CidrMaskSize


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--cluster_network--pods"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.eksa_cluster_config.spec.cluster_network.services`

Optional:

- `cidr_blocks` (List of String) Subnet used by pods in CIDR notation


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--cluster_network--proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.eksa_cluster_config.spec.cluster_network.services`

Optional:

- `allow_insecure_bootstrap` (Boolean) AllowInsecureBootstrap
- `boot_strap_ca` (String) BootStrapCA
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled
- `http_proxy` (String) HttpProxy
- `https_proxy` (String) HttpsProxy
- `no_proxy` (String) NoProxy


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--cluster_network--services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.eksa_cluster_config.spec.cluster_network.services`

Optional:

- `cidr_blocks` (List of String) Subnet used by pods in CIDR notation



<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--control_plane_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.eksa_cluster_config.spec.control_plane_configuration`

Optional:

- `count` (Number) Number of control plane nodes
- `endpoint` (Block List, Max: 1) Control plane endpoint details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--control_plane_configuration--endpoint))
- `labels` (Map of String) A list of labels to apply to the control plane nodes of the cluster. This is in addition to the labels that EKS Anywhere will add by default
- `machine_group_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Refers to the Kubernetes object with Tinkerbell-specific configuration for your nodes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--control_plane_configuration--machine_group_ref))
- `rollout_strategy` (Block List, Max: 1) Rollout strategy for cp nodes in case of upgrade operation - currently being set to defaults (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--control_plane_configuration--rollout_strategy))
- `taints` (Map of String) A list of taints to apply to the control plane nodes of the cluster

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--control_plane_configuration--endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.eksa_cluster_config.spec.control_plane_configuration.taints`

Optional:

- `host` (String) A unique IP you want to use for the control plane in your EKS Anywhere cluster. Choose an IP in your network range that does not conflict with other machines.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--control_plane_configuration--machine_group_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.eksa_cluster_config.spec.control_plane_configuration.taints`

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Refers to the kind of resource to be associated with.
- `name` (String) Refers to the name of resource to be associated with of above kind.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--control_plane_configuration--rollout_strategy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.eksa_cluster_config.spec.control_plane_configuration.taints`

Optional:

- `rolling_update` (Block List, Max: 1) Configurations related to rolling update. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--control_plane_configuration--taints--rolling_update))
- `type` (String) Rollout strategy type - Default: 'RollingUpdate'.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--control_plane_configuration--taints--rolling_update"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.eksa_cluster_config.spec.control_plane_configuration.taints.type`

Optional:

- `max_surge` (Number) Maximum number of machines that can be scheduled above the desired number of machines - Default: 1.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--data_center_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.eksa_cluster_config.spec.data_center_ref`

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Refers to the kind of resource to be associated with.
- `name` (String) Refers to the name of resource to be associated with of above kind.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--management_cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.eksa_cluster_config.spec.management_cluster`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Identifies the name of the management cluster.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--worker_node_group_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.eksa_cluster_config.spec.worker_node_group_configurations`

Optional:

- `count` (Number) Number of worker nodes
- `labels` (Map of String) A list of labels to apply to the nodes in the worker node group. This is in addition to the labels that EKS Anywhere will add by default.
- `machine_group_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Refers to the Kubernetes object with Tinkerbell-specific configuration for your nodes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--worker_node_group_configurations--machine_group_ref))
- `name` (String) Worker node group's name
- `rollout_strategy` (Block List, Max: 1) Rollout strategy for worker node group nodes in case of upgrade operation - currently being set to defaults (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--worker_node_group_configurations--rollout_strategy))
- `taints` (Map of String) A list of taints to apply to the nodes in the worker node group. At least one node group must not have NoSchedule or NoExecute taints applied to it.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--worker_node_group_configurations--machine_group_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.eksa_cluster_config.spec.worker_node_group_configurations.taints`

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Refers to the kind of resource to be associated with.
- `name` (String) Refers to the name of resource to be associated with of above kind.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--worker_node_group_configurations--rollout_strategy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.eksa_cluster_config.spec.worker_node_group_configurations.taints`

Optional:

- `rolling_update` (Block List, Max: 1) Configurations related to rolling update. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--worker_node_group_configurations--taints--rolling_update))
- `type` (String) Rollout strategy type - Default: 'RollingUpdate'.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--eksa_cluster_config--spec--worker_node_group_configurations--taints--rolling_update"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.eksa_cluster_config.spec.worker_node_group_configurations.taints.type`

Optional:

- `max_surge` (Number) Maximum number of machines that can be scheduled above the desired number of machines - Default: 1.
- `max_unavailable` (Number) Maximum number of machines that can be unavailable during the upgrade - Default: 0.






<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.features`

Optional:

- `cloud_logging_components` (List of String) List of components for cloud logging
- `cloud_monitoring_components` (List of String) List of components for cloud monitoring
- `enable_application_manager_beta` (Boolean) Application Manager is a GKE controller for managing the lifecycle of applications. It enables application delivery and updates following Kubernetes and GitOps best practices
- `enable_backup_for_gke` (Boolean) Backup for GKE allows you to back up and restore GKE workloads. There is no cost for enabling this feature, but you are charged for backups based on the size of the data and the number of pods you protect
- `enable_cloud_logging` (Boolean) Logging collects logs emitted by your applications and by GKE infrastructure
- `enable_cloud_monitoring` (Boolean) Monitoring collects metrics emitted by your applications and by GKE infrastructure
- `enable_compute_engine_persistent_disk_csi_driver` (Boolean) Enable to automatically deploy and manage the Compute Engine Persistent Disk CSI Driver. This feature is an alternative to using the gcePersistentDisk in-tree volume plugin
- `enable_filestore_csi_driver` (Boolean) Enable to automatically deploy and manage the Filestore CSI Driver
- `enable_image_streaming` (Boolean) Image streaming allows your workloads to initialize without waiting for the entire image to download
- `enable_managed_service_prometheus` (Boolean) This option deploys managed collectors for Prometheus metrics within this cluster. These collectors must be configured using PodMonitoring resources. To enable Managed Service for Prometheus here, you'll need. Cluster version of 1.21.4-gke.300 or greater


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.location`

Optional:

- `config` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--location--config))
- `default_node_locations` (Block List, Max: 1) For Zonal cluster increase availability by selecting more than one zone. For Regional cluster By default, Kubernetes Engine runs nodes of a regional cluster across three zones within a region. Select this option if you want to manually specify the zones in which this cluster's nodes run. All zones must be within the same region. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--location--default_node_locations))
- `type` (String) GKE Cluster location can be either zonal or regional

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--location--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.location.type`

Optional:

- `region` (String) Regional location in which the cluster's control plane and nodes are located
- `zone` (String) Zone in the region where bootstrap VM is created for cluster provisioning


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--location--default_node_locations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.location.type`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable providing default node locations
- `zones` (List of String) List of zones. Increase availability by providing more than one zone. The same number of nodes will be deployed to each zone in the list.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.metadata`

Optional:

- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.network`

Optional:

- `access` (Block List, Max: 1) NetworkAccess config for describing access configurations for the cluster's workload (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--network--access))
- `control_plane_authorized_network` (Block List, Max: 1) Add control plane authorized networks to block untrusted non-GCP source IPs from accessing the Kubernetes control plane through HTTPS (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--network--control_plane_authorized_network))
- `enable_vpc_nativetraffic` (Boolean) This feature uses alias IP and provides a more secure integration with Google Cloud Platform services
- `max_pods_per_node` (Number) This value is used to optimize the partitioning of cluster's IP address range to sub-ranges at node level
- `name` (String) Name of the network that the cluster is in. It determines which other Compute Engine resource it is able to communicate with
- `pod_address_range` (String) All pods in the cluster are assigned an IP address from this range. Enter a range (in CIDR notation) within a network range, a mask, or leave this field blank to use a default range.
- `pod_secondary_range_name` (String) Cluster pods are assigned an IP from the selected node subnet's secondary CIDR address range.
- `service_address_range` (String) Cluster services will be assigned an IP address from this IP address range. Enter a range (in CIDR notation) within a network range, a mask, or leave this field blank to use a default range.
- `service_secondary_range_name` (String) Cluster services are assigned an IP from the selected node subnetes secondary CIDR address range.
- `subnet_name` (String) Subnetwork to which the Kubernetes cluster will belong. When VPC native is enabled, the subnetwork must contain at least two secondary ranges which are not used by other Kubernetes clusters. Subnet is permanent.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--network--access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.network.subnet_name`

Optional:

- `config` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--network--subnet_name--config))
- `type` (String) Choose the type of network you want to allow to access your cluster's workloads. private or public

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--network--subnet_name--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.network.subnet_name.config`

Optional:

- `control_plane_ip_range` (String) Control plane IP range is for the control plane VPC. The control plane range must not overlap with any subnet in your cluster's VPC. The control plane and your cluster use VPC peering to communicate privately
- `disable_snat` (Boolean) To use Privately Used Public IPs (PUPI) ranges, the default source NAT used for IP masquerading needs to be disabled
- `enable_access_control_plane_external_ip` (Boolean) Disabling this option locks down external access to the cluster control plane. There is still an external IP address used by Google for cluster management purposes, but the IP address is not accessible to anyone
- `enable_access_control_plane_global` (Boolean) With control plane global access, you can access the control plane's private endpoint from any GCP region or on-premises environment no matter what the private cluster's region is



<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--network--control_plane_authorized_network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.network.subnet_name`

Optional:

- `authorized_network` (Block List) Add control plane authorized networks to block untrusted non-GCP source IPs from accessing the Kubernetes control plane through HTTPS (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--network--subnet_name--authorized_network))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable Control Plane Authorized Network. Configure the Networks now or later.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--network--subnet_name--authorized_network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.network.subnet_name.authorized_network`

Optional:

- `cidr` (String) CIDR Example: 198.51.100.0/24
- `name` (String) Name of the Authorized Network Example: Corporate Office




<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--node_pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.node_pools`

Optional:

- `auto_scaling` (Block List, Max: 1) Cluster autoscaler automatically creates or deletes nodes based on workload needs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--node_pools--auto_scaling))
- `machine_config` (Block List, Max: 1) Choose the machine configuration that will best fit the resource needs of your cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--node_pools--machine_config))
- `management` (Block List, Max: 1) Node management configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--node_pools--management))
- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Node metadata settings will be used when new nodes are created using this node pool (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--node_pools--metadata))
- `name` (String) Node pool names must start with a lowercase letter followed by up to 39 lowercase letters, numbers, or hyphens. They can't end with a hyphen. You cannot change the node pool's name once it's created
- `networking` (Block List, Max: 1) Node networking settings will be used when new nodes are created using this node pool (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--node_pools--networking))
- `node_locations` (Block List, Max: 1) Additional node zones must be from the same region as the original zone. Kubernetes Engine allocates the same resource footprint for each zone. The Node pool setting overrides the defaults set in Cluster basics (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--node_pools--node_locations))
- `node_version` (String) Specify Node k8s version
- `security` (Block List, Max: 1) Node security settings will be used when new nodes are created using this node pool (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--node_pools--security))
- `size` (Number) Pod address range limits the maximum size of the cluster
- `upgrade_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) Node pool upgrade options (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--node_pools--upgrade_settings))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--node_pools--auto_scaling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.node_pools.upgrade_settings`

Optional:

- `max_nodes` (Number) Maximum number of nodes (per zone)
- `min_nodes` (Number) Minimum number of nodes (per zone)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--node_pools--machine_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.node_pools.upgrade_settings`

Optional:

- `boot_disk_size` (Number) Select Boot disk size. Boot disk size is permanent
- `boot_disk_type` (String) Select Boot disk type. Storage space is less expensive for a standard persistent disk. An SSD persistent disk is better for random IOPS or for streaming throughput with low latency
- `image_type` (String) Choose which operating system image you want to run on each node of this cluster
- `machine_type` (String) Choose the machine type that will best fit the resource needs of your cluster


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--node_pools--management"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.node_pools.upgrade_settings`

Optional:

- `auto_upgrade` (Boolean) Whether the nodes will be automatically upgraded


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--node_pools--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.node_pools.upgrade_settings`

Optional:

- `gce_instance_metadata` (Block List) Metadata to be stored in the instance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--node_pools--upgrade_settings--gce_instance_metadata))
- `kubernetes_labels` (Block List) Use Kubernetes labels to control how workloads are scheduled to your nodes. Labels are applied to all nodes in this node pool and cannot be changed once the cluster is created (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--node_pools--upgrade_settings--kubernetes_labels))
- `node_taints` (Block List) A node taint lets you mark a node so that the scheduler avoids or prevents using it for certain Pods. Node taints can be used with tolerations to ensure that Pods aren't scheduled onto inappropriate nodes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--node_pools--upgrade_settings--node_taints))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--node_pools--upgrade_settings--gce_instance_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.node_pools.upgrade_settings.gce_instance_metadata`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Key for this metadata
- `value` (String) Value for this metadata


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--node_pools--upgrade_settings--kubernetes_labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.node_pools.upgrade_settings.kubernetes_labels`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Key for this kubernetes label
- `value` (String) Value for this kubernetes lable


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--node_pools--upgrade_settings--node_taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.node_pools.upgrade_settings.node_taints`

Optional:

- `effect` (String) Available effects are NoSchedule, PreferNoSchedule, NoExecute
- `key` (String) Key for this Taint effect
- `value` (String) Value for this Taint effect



<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--node_pools--networking"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.node_pools.upgrade_settings`

Optional:

- `max_pods_per_node` (Number) This value is used to optimize the partitioning of cluster's IP address range to sub-ranges at node level
- `network_tags` (List of String) This value is used to optimize the partitioning of cluster's IP address range to sub-ranges at node level


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--node_pools--node_locations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.node_pools.upgrade_settings`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable providing node locations
- `zones` (List of String) List of zones. Additional node zones must be from the same region as the original zone. Kubernetes Engine allocates the same resource footprint for each zone. The Node pool setting overrides the defaults set in Cluster basics


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--node_pools--security"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.node_pools.upgrade_settings`

Optional:

- `enable_integrity_monitoring` (Boolean) Integrity monitoring lets you monitor and verify the runtime boot integrity of your shielded nodes using Cloud Monitoring
- `enable_secure_boot` (Boolean) Secure boot helps protect your nodes against boot-level and kernel-level malware and rootkits


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--node_pools--upgrade_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.node_pools.upgrade_settings`

Optional:

- `blue_green_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) Settings for blue-green upgrade strategy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--node_pools--upgrade_settings--blue_green_settings))
- `strategy` (String) Update strategy of the node pool. Possible values are SURGE and BLUE_GREEN
- `surge_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) Settings for surge upgrade strategy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--node_pools--upgrade_settings--surge_settings))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--node_pools--upgrade_settings--blue_green_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.node_pools.upgrade_settings.blue_green_settings`

Optional:

- `batch_node_count` (Number) Number of blue nodes to drain in a batch.
- `batch_soak_duration` (String) Soak time after each batch gets drained.
- `node_pool_soak_duration` (String) Time needed after draining entire blue pool. After this period, blue pool will be cleaned up.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--node_pools--upgrade_settings--surge_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.node_pools.upgrade_settings.surge_settings`

Optional:

- `max_surge` (Number) The maximum number of nodes that can be created beyond the current size of the node pool during the upgrade process.
- `max_unavailable` (Number) The maximum number of nodes that can be simultaneously unavailable during the upgrade process.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--security"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.security`

Optional:

- `enable_google_groups_for_rbac` (Boolean) Google Groups for RBAC allows you to grant roles to all members of a Google Workspace group
- `enable_legacy_authorization` (Boolean) Enable legacy authorization to support in-cluster permissions for existing clusters or workflows. Prevents full RBAC support
- `enable_workload_identity` (Boolean) Workload Identity lets you connect securely to Google APIs from Kubernetes Engine workloads
- `issue_client_certificate` (Boolean) Clients use this base64-encoded public certificate to authenticate to the cluster endpoint. Certificates don’t rotate automatically and are difficult to revoke
- `security_group` (String) Provide the security groups here


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec`

Optional:

- `managed_cluster` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--managed_cluster))
- `node_pools` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--node_pools))
- `resource_group_name` (String)
- `subscription_id` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--managed_cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id`

Optional:

- `additional_metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Additional metadata associated with the managed cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--additional_metadata))
- `api_version` (String)
- `extended_location` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--extended_location))
- `identity` (Block List, Max: 1) Identity for the managed cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--identity))
- `location` (String) The geo-location where the resource lives
- `properties` (Block List, Max: 1) Properties of the managed cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties))
- `sku` (Block List, Max: 1) The SKU of a Managed Cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--sku))
- `tags` (Map of String) Resource tags.
- `type` (String) Azure Resource Type

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--additional_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.additional_metadata`

Optional:

- `acr_profile` (Block List, Max: 1) Profile for Azure Container Registry configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--additional_metadata--acr_profile))
- `oms_workspace_location` (String) If not specified, defaults to the resource group of the managed cluster. Valid only if the Log analytics workspace is specified.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--additional_metadata--acr_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.additional_metadata.oms_workspace_location`

Optional:

- `acr_name` (String) The name of the Azure Container Registry resource.
- `resource_group_name` (String) If not specified, defaults to the resource group of the managed cluster



<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--extended_location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.extended_location`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the extended location.
- `type` (String) The type of the extended location.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--identity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.identity`

Optional:

- `type` (String) For more information see use managed identities in AKS. Valid values are SystemAssigned, UserAssigned, None.
- `user_assigned_identities` (Map of String) The keys must be ARM resource IDs in the form: /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.ManagedIdentity/userAssignedIdentities/{identityName}.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties`

Optional:

- `aad_profile` (Block List, Max: 1) For more details see https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/aks/managed-aad (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--aad_profile))
- `addon_profiles` (Block List, Max: 1) The profile of managed cluster add-on. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--addon_profiles))
- `api_server_access_profile` (Block List, Max: 1) Access profile for managed cluster API server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--api_server_access_profile))
- `auto_scaler_profile` (Block List, Max: 1) Parameters to be applied to the cluster-autoscaler when enabled (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--auto_scaler_profile))
- `auto_upgrade_profile` (Block List, Max: 1) Auto upgrade profile for a managed cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--auto_upgrade_profile))
- `disable_local_accounts` (Boolean) If set to true, getting static credentials will be disabled for this cluster. This must only be used on Managed Clusters that are AAD enabled. For more details see disable local accounts.
- `disk_encryption_set_id` (String) This is of the form: /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Compute/diskEncryptionSets/{encryptionSetName}
- `dns_prefix` (String) This cannot be updated once the Managed Cluster has been created.
- `enable_pod_security_policy` (Boolean) (DEPRECATING) Whether to enable Kubernetes pod security policy (preview). This feature is set for removal on October 15th, 2020. Learn more at aka.ms/aks/azpodpolicy.
- `enable_rbac` (Boolean) Whether to enable Kubernetes Role-Based Access Control.
- `fqdn_subdomain` (String) This cannot be updated once the Managed Cluster has been created.
- `http_proxy_config` (Block List, Max: 1) Cluster HTTP proxy configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--http_proxy_config))
- `identity_profile` (Map of String) Identities associated with the cluster.
- `kubernetes_version` (String) Both patch version (e.g. 1.20.13) and (e.g. 1.20) are supported. When is specified, the latest supported GA patch version is chosen automatically. Updating the cluster with the same once it has been created (e.g. 1.14.x -> 1.14) will not trigger an upgrade, even if a newer patch version is available. When you upgrade a supported AKS cluster, Kubernetes minor versions cannot be skipped. All upgrades must be performed sequentially by major version number. For example, upgrades between 1.14.x -> 1.15.x or 1.15.x -> 1.16.x are allowed, however 1.14.x -> 1.16.x is not allowed. See upgrading an AKS cluster for more details.
- `linux_profile` (Block List, Max: 1) Profile for Linux VMs in the container service cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--linux_profile))
- `network_profile` (Block List, Max: 1) Profile of network configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--network_profile))
- `node_resource_group` (String) The name of the resource group containing agent pool nodes.
- `pod_identity_profile` (Block List, Max: 1) See use https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/use-azure-ad-pod-identity for more details on pod identity integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--pod_identity_profile))
- `private_link_resources` (Block List) Private link resources associated with the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--private_link_resources))
- `public_network_access` (String) Allow or deny public network access for AKS. Valid values are Enabled, Disabled.
- `security_profile` (Block List, Max: 1) Security profile for the container service cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--security_profile))
- `service_principal_profile` (Block List, Max: 1) Information about a service principal identity for the cluster to use for manipulating Azure APIs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--service_principal_profile))
- `storage_profile` (Block List, Max: 1) Storage profile for the container service cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--storage_profile))
- `windows_profile` (Block List, Max: 1) Profile for Windows VMs in the managed cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--aad_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile`

Optional:

- `admin_group_object_i_ds` (List of String) The list of AAD group object IDs that will have admin role of the cluster.
- `client_app_id` (String) The client AAD application ID.
- `enable_azure_rbac` (Boolean) Whether to enable Azure RBAC for Kubernetes authorization.
- `managed` (Boolean) Whether to enable managed AAD.
- `server_app_id` (String) The server AAD application ID.
- `server_app_secret` (String) The server AAD application secret.
- `tenant_id` (String) The AAD tenant ID to use for authentication. If not specified, will use the tenant of the deployment subscription.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--addon_profiles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile`

Optional:

- `azure_keyvault_secrets_provider` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--azure_keyvault_secrets_provider))
- `azure_policy` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--azure_policy))
- `http_application_routing` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--http_application_routing))
- `ingress_application_gateway` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--ingress_application_gateway))
- `oms_agent` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--oms_agent))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--azure_keyvault_secrets_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile.oms_agent`

Optional:

- `config` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--oms_agent--config))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the addon profile is enabled

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--oms_agent--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile.oms_agent.enabled`

Optional:

- `enable_secret_rotation` (String)
- `rotation_poll_interval` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--azure_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile.oms_agent`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the addon profile is enabled


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--http_application_routing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile.oms_agent`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the addon profile is enabled


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--ingress_application_gateway"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile.oms_agent`

Optional:

- `config` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--oms_agent--config))
- `enabled` (Boolean) whether addon profile is enabled

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--oms_agent--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile.oms_agent.enabled`

Optional:

- `application_gateway_id` (String)
- `application_gateway_name` (String)
- `subnet_cidr` (String)
- `subnet_id` (String)
- `watch_namespace` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--oms_agent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile.oms_agent`

Optional:

- `config` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--oms_agent--config))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the addon profile is enabled

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--oms_agent--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile.oms_agent.enabled`

Optional:

- `log_analytics_workspace_resource_id` (String)




<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--api_server_access_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile`

Optional:

- `authorized_ip_ranges` (List of String) IP ranges are specified in CIDR format, e.g. 137.117.106.88/29. This feature is not compatible with clusters that use Public IP Per Node, or clusters that are using a Basic Load Balancer. For more information see API server authorized IP ranges.
- `disable_run_command` (Boolean) Whether to disable run command for the cluster or not.
- `enable_private_cluster` (Boolean) For more details, see https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/private-clusters
- `enable_private_cluster_public_fqdn` (Boolean) Whether to create additional public FQDN for private cluster or not.
- `private_dns_zone` (String) The default is System. For more details see configure private DNS zone. Allowed values are system and none.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--auto_scaler_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile`

Optional:

- `balance_similar_node_groups` (String) Valid values are true and false
- `expander` (String) If not specified, the default is random. See https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/blob/master/cluster-autoscaler/FAQ.md#what-are-expanders for more information. Valid values are least-waste, most-pods, priority, random.
- `max_empty_bulk_delete` (String) The default is 10.
- `max_graceful_termination_sec` (String) The default is 600.
- `max_node_provision_time` (String) The default is 15m. Values must be an integer followed by an m. No unit of time other than minutes (m) is supported.
- `max_total_unready_percentage` (String) The default is 45. The maximum is 100 and the minimum is 0.
- `new_pod_scale_up_delay` (String) For scenarios like burst/batch scale where you don't want CA to act before the kubernetes scheduler could schedule all the pods, you can tell CA to ignore unscheduled pods before they're a certain age. The default is 0s. Values must be an integer followed by a unit (s for seconds, m for minutes, h for hours, etc).
- `ok_total_unready_count` (String) This must be an integer. The default is 3.
- `scale_down_delay_after_add` (String) The default is 10m. Values must be an integer followed by an m. No unit of time other than minutes (m) is supported.
- `scale_down_delay_after_delete` (String) The default is the scan-interval. Values must be an integer followed by an m. No unit of time other than minutes (m) is supported.
- `scale_down_delay_after_failure` (String) The default is 3m. Values must be an integer followed by an m. No unit of time other than minutes (m) is supported.
- `scale_down_unneeded_time` (String) The default is 10m. Values must be an integer followed by an m. No unit of time other than minutes (m) is supported.
- `scale_down_unready_time` (String) The default is 20m. Values must be an integer followed by an m. No unit of time other than minutes (m) is supported.
- `scale_down_utilization_threshold` (String) The default is 0.5.
- `scan_interval` (String) The default is 10. Values must be an integer number of seconds.
- `skip_nodes_with_local_storage` (String) The default is true.
- `skip_nodes_with_system_pods` (String) The default is true.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--auto_upgrade_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile`

Optional:

- `upgrade_channel` (String) For more information see https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/upgrade-cluster?tabs=azure-cli#set-auto-upgrade-channel. Valid values are rapid, stable, patch, node-image, none.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--http_proxy_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile`

Optional:

- `http_proxy` (String) The HTTP proxy server endpoint to use.
- `https_proxy` (String) The HTTPS proxy server endpoint to use.
- `no_proxy` (List of String) The endpoints that should not go through proxy.
- `trusted_ca` (String) Alternative CA cert to use for connecting to proxy servers.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--linux_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile`

Optional:

- `admin_username` (String) The administrator username to use for Linux VMs.
- `ssh` (Block List, Max: 1) SSH configuration for Linux-based VMs running on Azure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--ssh))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--ssh"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile.ssh`

Optional:

- `public_keys` (Block List) The list of SSH public keys used to authenticate with Linux-based VMs. A maximum of 1 key may be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--ssh--public_keys))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--ssh--public_keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile.ssh.public_keys`

Optional:

- `key_data` (String) Certificate public key used to authenticate with VMs through SSH. The certificate must be in PEM format with or without headers.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--network_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile`

Optional:

- `dns_service_ip` (String) An IP address assigned to the Kubernetes DNS service. It must be within the Kubernetes service address range specified in serviceCidr.
- `docker_bridge_cidr` (String) A CIDR notation IP range assigned to the Docker bridge network. It must not overlap with any Subnet IP ranges or the Kubernetes service address range.
- `ip_families` (List of String) IP families are used to determine single-stack or dual-stack clusters. For single-stack, the expected value is IPv4. For dual-stack, the expected values are IPv4 and IPv6.
- `load_balancer_profile` (Block List, Max: 1) Profile of the managed cluster load balancer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--load_balancer_profile))
- `load_balancer_sku` (String) The default is standard. See Azure Load Balancer SKUs for more information about the differences between load balancer SKUs. Valid values are standard, basic.
- `nat_gateway_profile` (Block List, Max: 1) Profile of the managed cluster NAT gateway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--nat_gateway_profile))
- `network_mode` (String) This cannot be specified if networkPlugin is anything other than azure. Valid values are transparent, bridge.
- `network_plugin` (String) This cannot be specified if networkPlugin is anything other than azure. Valid values are transparent, bridge.
- `network_policy` (String) Network policy used for building the Kubernetes network. Valid values are calico, azure.
- `outbound_type` (String) This can only be set at cluster creation time and cannot be changed later. For more information see egress outbound type. Valid values are loadBalancer, userDefinedRouting, managedNATGateway, userAssignedNATGateway.
- `pod_cidr` (String) A CIDR notation IP range from which to assign pod IPs when kubenet is used.
- `pod_cidrs` (List of String) One IPv4 CIDR is expected for single-stack networking. Two CIDRs, one for each IP family (IPv4/IPv6), is expected for dual-stack networking.
- `service_cidr` (String) A CIDR notation IP range from which to assign service cluster IPs. It must not overlap with any Subnet IP ranges.
- `service_cidrs` (List of String) One IPv4 CIDR is expected for single-stack networking. Two CIDRs, one for each IP family (IPv4/IPv6), is expected for dual-stack networking. They must not overlap with any Subnet IP ranges.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--load_balancer_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile.service_cidrs`

Optional:

- `allocated_outbound_ports` (Number) The desired number of allocated SNAT ports per VM. Allowed values are in the range of 0 to 64000 (inclusive). The default value is 0 which results in Azure dynamically allocating ports.
- `effective_outbound_i_ps` (Block List) The effective outbound IP resources of the cluster load balancer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--service_cidrs--effective_outbound_i_ps))
- `enable_multiple_standard_load_balancers` (Boolean) Enable multiple standard load balancers per AKS cluster or not.
- `idle_timeout_in_minutes` (Number) Desired outbound flow idle timeout in minutes. Allowed values are in the range of 4 to 120 (inclusive). The default value is 30 minutes.
- `managed_outbound_i_ps` (Block List, Max: 1) Desired managed outbound IPs for the cluster load balancer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--service_cidrs--managed_outbound_i_ps))
- `outbound_i_ps` (Block List, Max: 1) Desired outbound IP resources for the cluster load balancer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--service_cidrs--outbound_i_ps))
- `outbound_ip_prefixes` (Block List, Max: 1) Desired outbound IP Prefix resources for the cluster load balancer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--service_cidrs--outbound_ip_prefixes))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--service_cidrs--effective_outbound_i_ps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile.service_cidrs.outbound_ip_prefixes`

Optional:

- `id` (String) The fully qualified Azure resource id.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--service_cidrs--managed_outbound_i_ps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile.service_cidrs.outbound_ip_prefixes`

Optional:

- `count` (Number) The desired number of IPv4 outbound IPs created/managed by Azure for the cluster load balancer. Allowed values must be in the range of 1 to 100 (inclusive). The default value is 1.
- `count_i_pv_6` (Number) The desired number of IPv6 outbound IPs created/managed by Azure for the cluster load balancer. Allowed values must be in the range of 1 to 100 (inclusive). The default value is 0 for single-stack and 1 for dual-stack.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--service_cidrs--outbound_i_ps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile.service_cidrs.outbound_ip_prefixes`

Optional:

- `public_i_ps` (Block List) A list of public IP resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--service_cidrs--outbound_ip_prefixes--public_i_ps))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--service_cidrs--outbound_ip_prefixes--public_i_ps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile.service_cidrs.outbound_ip_prefixes.public_i_ps`

Optional:

- `id` (String) The fully qualified Azure resource id.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--service_cidrs--outbound_ip_prefixes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile.service_cidrs.outbound_ip_prefixes`

Optional:

- `public_ip_prefixes` (Block List) A list of public IP prefix resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--service_cidrs--outbound_ip_prefixes--public_ip_prefixes))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--service_cidrs--outbound_ip_prefixes--public_ip_prefixes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile.service_cidrs.outbound_ip_prefixes.public_ip_prefixes`

Optional:

- `id` (String) The fully qualified Azure resource id.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--nat_gateway_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile.service_cidrs`

Optional:

- `effective_outbound_i_ps` (Block List) The effective outbound IP resources of the cluster NAT gateway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--service_cidrs--effective_outbound_i_ps))
- `idle_timeout_in_minutes` (Number) Desired outbound flow idle timeout in minutes. Allowed values are in the range of 4 to 120 (inclusive). The default value is 4 minutes.
- `managed_outbound_ip_profile` (Block List, Max: 1) Profile of the managed outbound IP resources of the managed cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--service_cidrs--managed_outbound_ip_profile))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--service_cidrs--effective_outbound_i_ps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile.service_cidrs.managed_outbound_ip_profile`

Optional:

- `id` (String) The fully qualified Azure resource id.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--service_cidrs--managed_outbound_ip_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile.service_cidrs.managed_outbound_ip_profile`

Optional:

- `count` (Number) The desired number of outbound IPs created/managed by Azure. Allowed values must be in the range of 1 to 16 (inclusive). The default value is 1.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--pod_identity_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile`

Optional:

- `allow_network_plugin_kubenet` (Boolean) Running in Kubenet is disabled by default due to the security related nature of AAD Pod Identity and the risks of IP spoofing. See https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/use-azure-ad-pod-identity#using-kubenet-network-plugin-with-azure-active-directory-pod-managed-identities for more information.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the pod identity addon is enabled.
- `user_assigned_identities` (Block List) The pod identities to use in the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--user_assigned_identities))
- `user_assigned_identity_exceptions` (Block List) The pod identity exceptions to allow. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--user_assigned_identity_exceptions))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--user_assigned_identities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile.user_assigned_identity_exceptions`

Optional:

- `binding_selector` (String) The binding selector to use for the AzureIdentityBinding resource.
- `identity` (Block List, Max: 1) Details about a user assigned identity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--user_assigned_identity_exceptions--identity))
- `name` (String) The name of the pod identity.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the pod identity.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--user_assigned_identity_exceptions--identity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile.user_assigned_identity_exceptions.namespace`

Optional:

- `client_id` (String) The client ID of the user assigned identity.
- `object_id` (String) The object ID of the user assigned identity.
- `resource_id` (String) The resource ID of the user assigned identity.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--user_assigned_identity_exceptions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile.user_assigned_identity_exceptions`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the pod identity exception.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the pod identity exception.
- `pod_labels` (Map of String) The pod labels to match.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--private_link_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile`

Optional:

- `group_id` (String) The group ID of the resource.
- `id` (String) The ID of the private link resource.
- `name` (String) The name of the private link resource.
- `required_members` (List of String) The RequiredMembers of the resource
- `type` (String) The resource type.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--security_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile`

Optional:

- `azure_key_vault_kms` (Block List, Max: 1) Azure Key Vault key management service settings for the security profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--azure_key_vault_kms))
- `defender` (Block List, Max: 1) Microsoft Defender settings for the security profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--defender))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--azure_key_vault_kms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile.defender`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable Azure Key Vault key management service. The default is false.
- `key_id` (String) Identifier of Azure Key Vault key. See key identifier format for more details. When Azure Key Vault key management service is enabled, this field is required and must be a valid key identifier. When Azure Key Vault key management service is disabled, leave the field empty.
- `key_vault_network_access` (String) Network access of key vault. The possible values are Public and Private. Public means the key vault allows public access from all networks. Private means the key vault disables public access and enables private link. The default value is Public.
- `key_vault_resource_id` (String) Resource ID of key vault. When keyVaultNetworkAccess is Private, this field is required and must be a valid resource ID. When keyVaultNetworkAccess is Public, leave the field empty.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--defender"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile.defender`

Optional:

- `log_analytics_workspace_resource_id` (String) Resource ID of the Log Analytics workspace to be associated with Microsoft Defender. When Microsoft Defender is enabled, this field is required and must be a valid workspace resource ID. When Microsoft Defender is disabled, leave the field empty.
- `security_monitoring` (Block List, Max: 1) Microsoft Defender settings for the security profile threat detection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--defender--security_monitoring))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--defender--security_monitoring"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile.defender.security_monitoring`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable Defender threat detection




<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--service_principal_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile`

Optional:

- `client_id` (String) The ID for the service principal. If specified, must be set to [parameters('servicePrincipalClientId')]. This would be set to the cloud credential's client ID during cluster deployment.
- `secret` (String) The secret password associated with the service principal. If specified, must be set to [parameters('servicePrincipalClientSecret')]. This would be set to the cloud credential's client secret during cluster deployment.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--storage_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile`

Optional:

- `disk_csi_driver` (Block List, Max: 1) AzureDisk CSI Driver settings for the storage profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--disk_csi_driver))
- `file_csi_driver` (Block List, Max: 1) AzureFile CSI Driver settings for the storage profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--file_csi_driver))
- `snapshot_controller` (Block List, Max: 1) Snapshot Controller settings for the storage profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--snapshot_controller))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--disk_csi_driver"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile.snapshot_controller`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable AzureDisk CSI Driver. The default value is true.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--file_csi_driver"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile.snapshot_controller`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable AzureFile CSI Driver. The default value is true.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--snapshot_controller"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile.snapshot_controller`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable Snapshot Controller. The default value is true.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile`

Optional:

- `admin_username` (String) Specifies the name of the administrator account, Restriction: Cannot end in '.', Minimum-length: 1 character, Max-length: 20 characters
- `enable_csi_proxy` (Boolean) For more details on CSI proxy, see the CSI proxy GitHub repo.
- `gmsa_profile` (Block List, Max: 1) Windows gMSA Profile in the managed cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--gmsa_profile))
- `license_type` (String) The license type to use for Windows VMs. See Azure Hybrid User Benefits for more details. Valid values are None, Windows_Server.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--windows_profile--gmsa_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.windows_profile.license_type`

Optional:

- `dns_server` (String) Specifies the DNS server for Windows gMSA. Set it to empty if you have configured the DNS server in the vnet which is used to create the managed cluster.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether to enable Windows gMSA in the managed cluster.
- `root_domain_name` (String) Specifies the root domain name for Windows gMSA. Set it to empty if you have configured the DNS server in the vnet which is used to create the managed cluster.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--sku"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.sku`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of a managed cluster SKU.
- `tier` (String) If not specified, the default is Free. See uptime SLA for more details. Valid values are Paid, Free.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--node_pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) Azure Api Version
- `location` (String) The geo-location where the resource lives
- `name` (String) The name of the agent pool.
- `properties` (Block List, Max: 1) Properties for the container service agent pool profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties))
- `type` (String) Nodepool azure resource type

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties`

Optional:

- `availability_zones` (List of String) The list of Availability zones to use for nodes. This can only be specified if the AgentPoolType property is VirtualMachineScaleSets.
- `count` (Number) Number of agents (VMs) to host docker containers. Allowed values must be in the range of 0 to 1000 (inclusive) for user pools and in the range of 1 to 1000 (inclusive) for system pools. The default value is 1.
- `creation_data` (Block List, Max: 1) Data used when creating a target resource from a source resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--creation_data))
- `enable_auto_scaling` (Boolean) Whether to enable auto-scaler
- `enable_encryption_at_host` (Boolean) This is only supported on certain VM sizes and in certain Azure regions. For more information, see: https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/aks/enable-host-encryption
- `enable_fips` (Boolean) See Add a FIPS-enabled node pool for more details.
- `enable_node_public_ip` (Boolean) Some scenarios may require nodes in a node pool to receive their own dedicated public IP addresses. A common scenario is for gaming workloads, where a console needs to make a direct connection to a cloud virtual machine to minimize hops. For more information see assigning a public IP per node. The default is false.
- `enable_ultra_ssd` (Boolean) Whether to enable UltraSSD
- `gpu_instance_profile` (String) GPUInstanceProfile to be used to specify GPU MIG instance profile for supported GPU VM SKU. Valid values are MIG1g, MIG2g, MIG3g, MIG4g, MIG7g.
- `host_group_id` (String) This is of the form: /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Compute/hostGroups/{hostGroupName}. For more information see Azure dedicated hosts.
- `kubelet_config` (Block List, Max: 1) See AKS custom node configuration for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--kubelet_config))
- `kubelet_disk_type` (String) Valid values are OS, Temporary.
- `linux_os_config` (Block List, Max: 1) See AKS custom node configuration for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--linux_os_config))
- `max_count` (Number) The maximum number of nodes for auto-scaling
- `max_pods` (Number) The maximum number of pods that can run on a node.
- `min_count` (Number) The minimum number of nodes for auto-scaling
- `mode` (String) Valid values are System, User.
- `node_labels` (Map of String) The node labels to be persisted across all nodes in agent pool.
- `node_public_ip_prefix_id` (String) This is of the form: /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Network/publicIPPrefixes/{publicIPPrefixName}
- `node_taints` (List of String) The taints added to new nodes during node pool create and scale. For example, key=value:NoSchedule.
- `orchestrator_version` (String) Both patch version (e.g. 1.20.13) and (e.g. 1.20) are supported. When is specified, the latest supported GA patch version is chosen automatically. Updating the cluster with the same once it has been created (e.g. 1.14.x -> 1.14) will not trigger an upgrade, even if a newer patch version is available. As a best practice, you should upgrade all node pools in an AKS cluster to the same Kubernetes version. The node pool version must have the same major version as the control plane. The node pool minor version must be within two minor versions of the control plane version. The node pool version cannot be greater than the control plane version. For more information see upgrading a node pool.
- `os_disk_size_gb` (Number) OS Disk Size in GB to be used to specify the disk size for every machine in the master/agent pool. If you specify 0, it will apply the default osDisk size according to the vmSize specified.
- `os_disk_type` (String) Valid values are Managed, Ephemeral.
- `os_sku` (String) Valid values are Ubuntu, CBLMariner, Windows2019, Windows2022.
- `os_type` (String) Valid values are Linux, Windows.
- `pod_subnet_id` (String) If omitted, pod IPs are statically assigned on the node subnet (see vnetSubnetID for more details). This is of the form: /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/{virtualNetworkName}/subnets/{subnetName}
- `power_state` (Block List, Max: 1) Describes the Power State of the cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--power_state))
- `proximity_placement_group_id` (String) The ID for Proximity Placement Group.
- `scale_down_mode` (String) This also effects the cluster autoscaler behavior. If not specified, it defaults to Delete. Valid values are Delete, Deallocate.
- `scale_set_eviction_policy` (String) This cannot be specified unless the scaleSetPriority is Spot. If not specified, the default is Delete. Valid values are Delete, Deallocate.
- `scale_set_priority` (String) The Virtual Machine Scale Set priority. If not specified, the default is Regular. Valid values are Spot, Regular.
- `spot_max_price` (Number) Possible values are any decimal value greater than zero or -1 which indicates the willingness to pay any on-demand price. For more details on spot pricing, see spot VMs pricing
- `tags` (Map of String) The tags to be persisted on the agent pool virtual machine scale set.
- `type` (String) Valid values are VirtualMachineScaleSets, AvailabilitySet.
- `upgrade_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) Settings for upgrading an agentpool (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--upgrade_settings))
- `vm_size` (String) VM size availability varies by region. If a node contains insufficient compute resources (memory, cpu, etc) pods might fail to run correctly. For more details on restricted VM sizes, see: https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/aks/quotas-skus-regions
- `vnet_subnet_id` (String) If this is not specified, a VNET and subnet will be generated and used. If no podSubnetID is specified, this applies to nodes and pods, otherwise it applies to just nodes. This is of the form: /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/{virtualNetworkName}/subnets/{subnetName}
- `workload_runtime` (String) Valid values are OCIContainer, WasmWasi.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--creation_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.workload_runtime`

Optional:

- `source_resource_id` (String) This is the ARM ID of the source object to be used to create the target object.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--kubelet_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.workload_runtime`

Optional:

- `allowed_unsafe_sysctls` (List of String) Allowed list of unsafe sysctls or unsafe sysctl patterns (ending in *).
- `container_log_max_files` (Number) The maximum number of container log files that can be present for a container. The number must be ≥ 2.
- `container_log_max_size_mb` (Number) The maximum size (e.g. 10Mi) of container log file before it is rotated.
- `cpu_cfs_quota` (Boolean) The default is true.
- `cpu_cfs_quota_period` (String) The default is 100ms. Valid values are a sequence of decimal numbers with an optional fraction and a unit suffix. For example: 300ms, 2h45m. Supported units are ns, us, ms, s, m, and h.
- `cpu_manager_policy` (String) The default is none. See Kubernetes CPU management policies for more information. Allowed values are none and static.
- `fail_swap_on` (Boolean) If set to true it will make the Kubelet fail to start if swap is enabled on the node.
- `image_gc_high_threshold` (Number) To disable image garbage collection, set to 100. The default is 85%
- `image_gc_low_threshold` (Number) This cannot be set higher than imageGcHighThreshold. The default is 80%
- `pod_max_pids` (Number) The maximum number of processes per pod.
- `topology_manager_policy` (String) For more information see Kubernetes Topology Manager. The default is none. Allowed values are none, best-effort, restricted, and single-numa-node.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--linux_os_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.workload_runtime`

Optional:

- `swap_file_size_mb` (Number) The size in MB of a swap file that will be created on each node.
- `sysctls` (Block List, Max: 1) Sysctl settings for Linux agent nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--workload_runtime--sysctls))
- `transparent_huge_page_defrag` (String) Valid values are always, defer, defer+madvise, madvise and never. The default is madvise. For more information see Transparent Hugepages.
- `transparent_huge_page_enabled` (String) Valid values are always, madvise, and never. The default is always. For more information see Transparent Hugepages.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--workload_runtime--sysctls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.workload_runtime.transparent_huge_page_enabled`

Optional:

- `fs_aio_max_nr` (Number) Sysctl setting fs.aio-max-nr.
- `fs_file_max` (Number) Sysctl setting fs.file-max.
- `fs_inotify_max_user_watches` (Number) Sysctl setting fs.inotify.max_user_watches.
- `fs_nr_open` (Number) Sysctl setting fs.nr_open.
- `kernel_threads_max` (Number) Sysctl setting kernel.threads-max.
- `net_core_netdev_max_backlog` (Number) Sysctl setting net.core.netdev_max_backlog.
- `net_core_optmem_max` (Number) Sysctl setting net.core.optmem_max.
- `net_core_rmem_default` (Number) Sysctl setting net.core.rmem_default.
- `net_core_rmem_max` (Number) Sysctl setting net.core.rmem_max.
- `net_core_somaxconn` (Number) Sysctl setting net.core.somaxconn.
- `net_core_wmem_default` (Number) Sysctl setting net.core.wmem_default.
- `net_core_wmem_max` (Number) Sysctl setting net.core.wmem_max.
- `net_ipv_4_ip_local_port_range` (String) Sysctl setting net.ipv4.ip_local_port_range.
- `net_ipv_4_neigh_default_gc_thresh_1` (Number) Sysctl setting net.ipv4.neigh.default.gc_thresh1.
- `net_ipv_4_neigh_default_gc_thresh_2` (Number) Sysctl setting net.ipv4.neigh.default.gc_thresh2.
- `net_ipv_4_neigh_default_gc_thresh_3` (Number) Sysctl setting net.ipv4.neigh.default.gc_thresh3.
- `net_ipv_4_tcp_fin_timeout` (Number) Sysctl setting net.ipv4.tcp_fin_timeout.
- `net_ipv_4_tcp_keepalive_probes` (Number) Sysctl setting net.ipv4.tcp_keepalive_probes.
- `net_ipv_4_tcp_keepalive_time` (Number) Sysctl setting net.ipv4.tcp_keepalive_time.
- `net_ipv_4_tcp_max_syn_backlog` (Number) Sysctl setting net.ipv4.tcp_max_syn_backlog.
- `net_ipv_4_tcp_max_tw_buckets` (Number) Sysctl setting net.ipv4.tcp_max_tw_buckets.
- `net_ipv_4_tcp_tw_reuse` (Boolean) Sysctl setting net.ipv4.tcp_tw_reuse.
- `net_ipv_4_tcpkeepalive_intvl` (Number) Sysctl setting net.ipv4.tcp_keepalive_intvl.
- `net_netfilter_nf_conntrack_buckets` (Number) Sysctl setting net.netfilter.nf_conntrack_buckets.
- `net_netfilter_nf_conntrack_max` (Number) Sysctl setting net.netfilter.nf_conntrack_max.
- `vm_max_map_count` (Number) Sysctl setting vm.max_map_count.
- `vm_swappiness` (Number) Sysctl setting vm.swappiness.
- `vm_vfs_cache_pressure` (Number) Sysctl setting vm.vfs_cache_pressure.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--power_state"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.workload_runtime`

Optional:

- `code` (String) Tells whether the cluster is Running or Stopped.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--spec--subscription_id--properties--upgrade_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.spec.subscription_id.properties.workload_runtime`

Optional:

- `max_surge` (String) This can either be set to an integer (e.g. 5) or a percentage (e.g. 50%). If a percentage is specified, it is the percentage of the total agent pool size at the time of the upgrade. For percentages, fractional nodes are rounded up. If not specified, the default is 1. For more information, including best practices, see: https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/aks/upgrade-cluster#customize-node-surge-upgrade





<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--tinkerbell_datacenter_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.tinkerbell_datacenter_config`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion of TinkerbellDatacenterConfig resource
- `kind` (String) Kind of resource
- `meta_data` (Block List, Max: 1) Metadata associated with Tinkerbell datacenter configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--tinkerbell_datacenter_config--meta_data))
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Specifications of Tinkerbell datacenter configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--tinkerbell_datacenter_config--spec))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--tinkerbell_datacenter_config--meta_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.tinkerbell_datacenter_config.spec`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Tinkerbell datacenter configuration's name


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--tinkerbell_datacenter_config--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.tinkerbell_datacenter_config.spec`

Optional:

- `hook_images_url_path` (String) Optional field to replace the HookOS image.
- `os_image_url` (String) Optional field to replace the default Bottlerocket operating system. EKS Anywhere can only auto-import Bottlerocket. In order to use Ubuntu or Redhat, self-hosting is required.
- `tinkerbell_ip` (String) Required field to identify the IP address of the Tinkerbell service. This IP address must be a unique IP in the network range that does not conflict with other IPs. Once the Tinkerbell services move from the Admin machine to run on the target cluster, this IP address makes it possible for the stack to be used for future provisioning needs. When separate management and workload clusters are supported in Bare Metal, the IP address becomes a necessity.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--tinkerbell_hardware_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.tinkerbell_hardware_config`

Optional:

- `bmc_ip` (String) The IP address assigned to the BMC interface on the machine.
- `bmc_password` (String) The password associated with the bmc_username assigned to the BMC interface on the machine.
- `bmc_user_name` (String) The username assigned to the BMC interface on the machine.
- `disk` (String) The device name of the disk on which the operating system will be installed.
- `gateway` (String) IP address of the interface that provides access (the gateway) to the Internet.
- `hostname` (String) The hostname assigned to the machine.
- `ip_address` (String) The IP address providing access to the host computer.
- `labels` (String) The optional labels field can consist of a key/value pair to use in conjunction with the hardwareSelector field when you set up your Bare Metal configuration. The key/value pair is connected with an equal (=) sign.
- `mac` (String) The MAC address of the network interface card (NIC) that provides access to the host computer.
- `nameservers` (String) The IP address of the server that you want to provide DNS service to the cluster.
- `netmask` (String) The netmask associated with the ip_address value. In the example above, a /23 subnet mask is used, allowing you to use up to 510 IP addresses in that range.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--tinkerbell_machine_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.tinkerbell_machine_config`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion of TinkerbellMachineConfig resource
- `kind` (String) Kind of resource
- `meta_data` (Block List, Max: 1) Metadata associated with Tinkerbell machine configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--tinkerbell_machine_config--meta_data))
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Specifications of Tinkerbell machine configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--tinkerbell_machine_config--spec))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--tinkerbell_machine_config--meta_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.tinkerbell_machine_config.spec`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Tinkerbell machine configuration's name


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--tinkerbell_machine_config--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.tinkerbell_machine_config.spec`

Optional:

- `hardware_selector` (Map of String) Use fields under hardwareSelector to add key/value pair labels to match particular machines that you identified in tinkerbell machine configuration.
- `host_os_configuration` (Block List, Max: 1) Optional host os configurations for the EKSA kubernetes nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--tinkerbell_machine_config--spec--host_os_configuration))
- `os_family` (String) Operating system on the machine. For example, bottlerocket or ubuntu.
- `template_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) Identifies the template that defines the actions that will be applied to the tinkerbell machine configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--tinkerbell_machine_config--spec--template_ref))
- `users` (Block List) The name of the user you want to configure to access your virtual machines through SSH. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--tinkerbell_machine_config--spec--users))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--tinkerbell_machine_config--spec--host_os_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.tinkerbell_machine_config.spec.host_os_configuration`

Optional:

- `bottlerocket_configuration` (Block List, Max: 1) BottlerocketConfiguration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--tinkerbell_machine_config--spec--host_os_configuration--bottlerocket_configuration))
- `cert_bundles` (Block List) CertBundles. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--tinkerbell_machine_config--spec--host_os_configuration--cert_bundles))
- `ntp_configuration` (Block List, Max: 1) NTPConfiguration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--tinkerbell_machine_config--spec--host_os_configuration--ntp_configuration))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--tinkerbell_machine_config--spec--host_os_configuration--bottlerocket_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.tinkerbell_machine_config.spec.host_os_configuration.ntp_configuration`

Optional:

- `boot` (String) Boot.
- `kernel` (String) Kernel.
- `kubernetes` (String) Kubernetes.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--tinkerbell_machine_config--spec--host_os_configuration--cert_bundles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.tinkerbell_machine_config.spec.host_os_configuration.ntp_configuration`

Optional:

- `data` (String) Refers to the content of cert key in pem format.
- `name` (String) Refers to the name of cert bundle.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--tinkerbell_machine_config--spec--host_os_configuration--ntp_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.tinkerbell_machine_config.spec.host_os_configuration.ntp_configuration`

Optional:

- `servers` (List of String) Servers.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--tinkerbell_machine_config--spec--template_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.tinkerbell_machine_config.spec.template_ref`

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Refers to the kind of template resource.
- `name` (String) Refers to the name of template resource.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--tinkerbell_machine_config--spec--users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.tinkerbell_machine_config.spec.users`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Refers to the name of user.
- `ssh_authorized_keys` (List of String) Public key required to ssh into the admin/cp/dp nodes.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--tinkerbell_template_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.tinkerbell_template_config`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion of TinkerbellTemplateConfig resource
- `kind` (String) Kind of resource
- `meta_data` (Block List, Max: 1) Metadata associated with Tinkerbell template configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--config--tinkerbell_template_config--meta_data))
- `spec` (String) Refer https://anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com/docs/getting-started/baremetal/bare-spec/#tinkerbelltemplateconfig-fields

<a id="nestedblock--spec--config--tinkerbell_template_config--meta_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.config.tinkerbell_template_config.spec`

Optional:

- `name` (String) tinkerbell template configuration's name




<a id="nestedblock--spec--drift"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.drift`

Optional:

- `action` (String) flag to specify if sharing is enabled for resource
- `enabled` (Boolean) flag to specify if drift reconcillation is enabled for resource


<a id="nestedblock--spec--gateway"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.gateway`

Optional:

- `name` (String)

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.proxy`

Optional:

- `allow_insecure_bootstrap` (Boolean)
- `bootstrap_ca` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `http_proxy` (String)
- `https_proxy` (String)
- `no_proxy` (String)
- `proxy_auth` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--proxy_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.proxy_config`

Optional:

- `allow_insecure_bootstrap` (Boolean)
- `bootstrap_ca` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `http_proxy` (String)
- `https_proxy` (String)
- `no_proxy` (String)
- `proxy_auth` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--sharing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sharing`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `projects` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--sharing--projects))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--sharing--projects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sharing.projects`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--spec--system_components_placement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.system_components_placement`

Optional:

- `daemon_set_override` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--system_components_placement--daemon_set_override))
- `node_selector` (Map of String)
- `tolerations` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--system_components_placement--tolerations))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--system_components_placement--daemon_set_override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.system_components_placement.daemon_set_override`

Optional:

- `node_selection_enabled` (Boolean)
- `tolerations` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--system_components_placement--daemon_set_override--tolerations))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--system_components_placement--daemon_set_override--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.system_components_placement.daemon_set_override.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `toleration_seconds` (Number)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--spec--system_components_placement--tolerations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.system_components_placement.tolerations`

Optional:

- `effect` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `toleration_seconds` (Number)
- `value` (String)




<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `update` (String)


