---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rafay_groupassociation Resource - terraform-provider-rafay"
subcategory: ""
description: |-

---

# rafay_groupassociation (Resource)

Associates a group with a role.


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rafay_groupassociation" "groupassociation" {
  group             = "dev1"
  project           = "terraform"
  roles             = ["PROJECT_READ_ONLY"]
  custom_roles      = ["test-custom-role"]
  
}

resource "rafay_groupassociation" "groupassociation" {
  project = "terraform"
  group = "dev2"
  namespaces = ["ns1", "ns2"]
  roles = ["NAMESPACE_ADMIN"]
  add_users = ["user1@org"]
}

resource "rafay_groupassociation" "groupassociation" {
  project = "defaultproject"
  group = "dev3"
  roles = ["ADMIN"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group` - (String) The name of the group to associate the roles to.
- `project` - (String) The name of the project.
- `roles` - (List of String) The roles to associate with the group. Supported values are: `ADMIN`, `ADMINISTRATOR_READ_ONLY`, `CLUSTER_ADMIN`, `PROJECT_ADMIN`, `PROJECT_READ_ONLY`, `INFRA_ADMIN`, `INFRA_READ_ONLY`, `NAMESPACE_ADMIN`, `NAMESPACE_READ_ONLY`, `WORKSPACE_READ_ONLY`,`ENVIRONMENT_TEMPLATE_USER` and `FINOPS_ADMIN`.
- `custom_roles` - (List of String) Custom roles to associate with the group.

***Note***: Either `custom_roles` or `roles` is required

***Note***: For roles `ADMIN` and `ADMINISTRATOR_READ_ONLY`, project name `defaultproject` needs to be passed.

### Optional

- `add_users` - (List of String) Users to add to the group association.
- `namespaces` - (List of String) Namespaces in your configuration. Only provide when the selected roles are `NAMESPACE_ADMIN` or `NAMESPACE_READ_ONLY`.
- `remove_users` - (List of String) Users to remove from the group association.
- `idp_user` (Boolean) Type of user is IDP (IDP users vs Local users)
- `timeouts` - (Block, Optional) Sets the duration of time the create, delete, and update functions are allowed to run. If the function takes longer than this, it is assumed the function has failed. The default is 10 minutes. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

***Optional***

- `create` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for creating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.
- `delete` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for deleting a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.
- `update` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for updating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.


## Attribute Reference

- `id` - (String) The ID of the resource, generated by the system after you create the resource.


# rafay_group (data source)
## Example Usage

---


```terraform
data "rafay_groupassociation" "association" {
    group   = "group-name"
    project = "demo"
}

output "groupassociation" {
  description = "groupassociation"
  value       = data.rafay_groupassociation.association
}
```

---
