---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rafay_mesh_profile Resource - terraform-provider-rafay"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rafay_mesh_profile (Resource)

An installation profile is a set of parameters that are used during the setting up and installation of the Service Mesh (Istio).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rafay_mesh_profile" "tfdemomeshprofile1" {
  metadata {
    name    = "tfdemomeshprofile1"
    project = "terraform"
  }
  spec {
    version = "v0"
  }
}
```

---

The following example demonstrates creating an advanced mesh profile, with installation params.

```terraform
resource "rafay_mesh_profile" "tfdemomeshprofile1" {
  metadata {
    name    = "tfdemomeshprofile1"
    project = "terraform"
  }
  spec {
    version = "v0"
    installation_params {
      cert_type = "SelfSigned"
      enable_ingress = false
      enable_namespaces_by_default = false
      resource_quota {
        cpu_requests = "500m"
        memory_requests = "2048Mi"
        cpu_limits = "1000m"
        memory_limits = "4096Mi"
      }
    }
  }
}

```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

***Required***

- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Contains data that helps uniquely identify the resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Defines the characteristics for the resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

***Optional***

- `timeouts` (Block) Sets the duration of time the create, delete, and update functions are allowed to run. If the function takes longer than this, it is assumed the function has failed. The default is 10 minutes. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

***Required***

- `name` (String) The name of the resource. This must be unique to the organization.
- `project` (String) The project(s) the resource belongs to.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

***Required***

- `version` (String) The version of the profile.

***Optional***

- `installation_params` (Block List, Max: 1) Parameters for profile installation (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--installation_params))
- `sharing` (Block List, Max: 1) The sharing configuration for the policy. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--sharing))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--installation_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.installation_params`

***Optional***

- `cert_type` (String) The certificate type. Supported values are: `SelfSigned` and `CertManager`.
- `enable_ingress` (Boolean) Enables Ingress.
- `enable_namespaces_by_deafult` (Boolean) Enable injection for all namespaces.
- `resource_quota` - (Block List, Max: 1) The resource requests and limits for the service mesh control plane. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--installation_params--resourcequota))


<a id="nestedblock--spec--sharing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sharing`

***Required***

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable sharing for this resource.
- `projects` (Block List) The list of projects this resource is shared to. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--sharing--projects))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--installation_params--resourcequota"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.installation_params.resource_quota`

- `cpu_requests` - (String) The number of CPU threads.
- `cpu_limits` - (String) The maximum CPU resource.

**Note**: For `cpu_requests` and `cpu_limits`, specify units in millicores.

- `memory_requests` - (String) The amount of memory, in Mebibytes. A Megabyte is a close equivalent to a Mebibytes.
- `memory_limits` - (String) The maximum memory resource.

**Note**: For `memory_requests` and `memory_limits`, specify in multiples of 2048 in Mebibyte (example 2048Mi).

<a id="nestedblock--spec--sharing--projects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sharing.projects`

***Required***

- `name` (String) The name of the project.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

***Optional***

- `create` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for creating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.
- `delete` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for deleting a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.
- `update` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for updating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.

## Attribute Reference

---

- `id` - (String) The ID of the resource, generated by the system after you create the resource.
