---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rafay_namespace_mesh_policy Resource - terraform-provider-rafay"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rafay_namespace_mesh_policy (Resource)

A namespace-wide mesh policy is a bundle of namespace mesh rules that can be applied to one or more namespaces.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rafay_namespace_mesh_policy" "tfdemonmp1" {
  metadata {
    name    = "tfdemonmp1"
    project = "terraform"
  }
  spec {
    version = "v0"
    rules {
      name = "namespace-mesh-rule"
      version = "v0"
    }
    sharing {
      enabled = false
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

***Required***

- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Metadata of the namespace mesh policy resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Specification of the namespace mesh policy resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

***Optional***	
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

***Required***

- `name` (String) name of the resource
- `project` (String) Project of the resource


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

***Required***

- `rules` (Block List) List of namespace mesh rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules))
- `version` (String) version of the namespace mesh policy

***Optional***

- `sharing` (Block List, Max: 1) namespace mesh policy sharing configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--sharing))
<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules`

***Required***

- `name` (String) name of the namespace mesh rule
- `version` (String) version of the namespace mesh rule


<a id="nestedblock--spec--sharing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sharing`

***Required***

- `enabled` (Boolean) flag to specify if sharing is enabled for resource
- `projects` (Block List) list of projects this resource is shared to (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--sharing--projects))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--sharing--projects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sharing.projects`

***Required***

- `name` (String) name of the project


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

***Optional***
- `create` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for creating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes. 
- `delete` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for deleting a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes. 
- `update` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for updating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes. 


## Attribute Reference

---

- `id` - (String) The ID of the resource, generated by the system after you create the resource.



