---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rafay_namespace_network_policy Resource - terraform-provider-rafay"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rafay_namespace_network_policy (Resource)

A namespace-wide policy is a bundle of network security rules that can be applied to one or more namespaces. Namespace policies are used to protect pods and applications residing in a namespace by enforcing a default set of rules for zero-trust while specifying how pods are allowed to communicate with other various entities whether that be other pods, other namespaces, system resources, or the Internet.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rafay_namespace_network_policy" "tfdemonnp2" {
  metadata {
    name    = "tfdemonnp2"
    project = "terraform"
  }
  spec {
    version = "v0"
    rules {
      name = "namespace-network-rule"
      version = "v0"
    }
    sharing {
      enabled = false
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

---

***Required***

- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Contains data that helps uniquely identify the resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Defines the characteristics for the resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

***Optional***
- `timeouts` (Block) Sets the duration of time the create, delete, and update functions are allowed to run. If the function takes longer than this, it is assumed the function has failed. The default is 10 minutes. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))


<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

***Required***

- `name` (String) The name of the resource. This must be unique to the organization.
- `project` (String) The Rafay project(s) the resource belongs to.


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

***Required***

- `rules` (Block List) A list of namespace network policy rules. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--rules))
- `version` (String) The version of the namespace network policy.

***Optional***

- `sharing` (Block List, Max: 1) The namespace network policy sharing configuration. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--sharing))


<a id="nestedblock--spec--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.rules`

***Required***

- `name` (String) The name of the namespace network policy rule.
- `version` (String) The version of the namespace network policy rule.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--sharing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sharing`

***Required***

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables sharing the resource.
- `projects` (Block List) A list of projects this resource is shared with. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--sharing--projects))


<a id="nestedblock--spec--sharing--projects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sharing.projects`

***Required***

- `name` (String) The name of the project.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

***Optional***
- `create` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for creating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.
- `delete` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for deleting a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.
- `update` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for updating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.


## Attribute Reference

---

- `id` - (String) The ID of the resource, generated by the system after you create the resource.
