---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rafay_network_policy_profile Resource - terraform-provider-rafay"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rafay_network_policy_profile (Resource)

An installation profile is a set of parameters that are used during the setting up and installation of the Network Policy and Visibility Managed Add-On (Cilium).


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rafay_network_policy_profile" "tfdemonetworkpolicyprofile1" {
  metadata {
    name    = "tfdemonetworkpolicyprofile1"
    project = "terraform"
  }
  spec {
    version = "v0"
    sharing {
      enabled = false
    }
    installation_params {
      policy_enforcement_mode = "default"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

---

***Required***

- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Contains data that helps uniquely identify the resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Defines the characteristics for the resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))
  
***Optional***

- `timeouts` (Block) Sets the duration of time the create, delete, and update functions are allowed to run. If the function takes longer than this, it is assumed the function has failed. The default is 10 minutes. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))


<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

***Required***

- `name` (String) The name of the resource. This must be unique to the organization.
- `project` (String) The Rafay project(s) the resource belongs to.


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

***Required***

- `installation_params` (Block List, Max: 1) The parameters for profile installation. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--installation_params))
- `version` (String) The version of the network policy profile.

***Optional***

- `sharing` (Block List, Max: 1) The network policy profile sharing configuration. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--sharing))


<a id="nestedblock--spec--installation_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.installation_params`

***Required***

- `policy_enforcement_mode` (String) The policy enforcement mode setting. Supported values are: `default`, `always` and `never`.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--sharing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sharing`

***Required***

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables sharing the resource.
- `projects` (Block List) A list of projects this resource is shared with. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--sharing--projects))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--sharing--projects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sharing.projects`

***Required***

- `name` (String) The name of the project.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

***Optional***
- `create` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for creating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes. 
- `delete` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for deleting a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes. 
- `update` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for updating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes. 


## Attribute Reference

---

- `id` - (String) The ID of the resource, generated by the system after you create the resource.
