---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rafay_opa_constraint_template Resource - terraform-provider-rafay"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rafay_opa_constraint_template (Resource)

ConstraintTemplates define a way to validate some set of Kubernetes objects in Gatekeeper's Kubernetes admission controller.

## Example Usage

```terraform
#Basic example for opa constraint
resource "rafay_opa_constraint_template" "k8srequiredlabels" {
  metadata {
    name    = "k8srequiredlabels"
    project = "terraform"
    labels = {
      "rafay.dev/opa" = "template"
    }
  }
  spec {
    artifact {
      artifact {
        paths {
          name = "file://artifacts/testk8srequiredlabels/k8srequiredlabels.yaml"
        }
      }
      options {
        force = true
      }
      type = "Yaml"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

---

***Required***

- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Contains data that helps uniquely identify the resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Defines the characteristics for the resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

***Optional***

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) Sets the duration of time the create, delete, and update functions are allowed to run. If the function takes longer than this, it is assumed the function has failed. The default is 10 minutes. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))


<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

***Required***

- `name` (String) The name of the resource. This must be unique to the organization.
- `project` (String) The Rafay project(s) the resource belongs to.
- `labels` (Map of String) The labels of the resource.


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

***Required***

- `artifact` (Block List, Max: 1) The OPA constraint artifact specification. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--artifact))


<a id="nestedblock--spec--artifact"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.artifact`

***Required***

- `artifact` (Block List, Max: 1) Contains data about the artifact. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--artifact--artifact))
- `type` (String) The type of the artifact. Supported value is `Yaml`.

***Optional***

- `options` (Block List, Max: 1) Additional options for the artifact. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--artifact--options))


<a id="nestedblock--spec--artifact--artifact"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.artifact.artifact`

***Required***

- `paths` (Block List, Max: 1) The relative path to file. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--artifact--artifact--paths))
- `repository` (String) The name of the Git repository.
- `revision` (String) The branch or tag in the Git repository.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--artifact--artifact--paths"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.artifact.artifact.paths`

***Required***

- `name` (String) The relative path of a artifact.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--artifact--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.artifact.options`

***Optional***

- `disable_open_api_validation` (Boolean) Disables the OpenAPI validation while deploying the resource.
- `force` (Boolean) Deploys the resource with force flag.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

***Optional***
- `create` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for creating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes. 
- `delete` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for deleting a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes. 
- `update` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for updating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes. 


## Attribute Reference

---

- `id` - (String) The ID of the resource, generated by the system after you create the resource.
