---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rafay_projecttagsassociation Resource - terraform-provider-rafay"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rafay_projecttagsassociation (Resource)

This is an example of a project tag association.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rafay_project_tags_association" "tfptagassociation1" {
  metadata {
    name = "tfptagassociation1"
    project = "terraform"
  }
  spec {
    associations {
      tag_key  = "tfkey1"
      tag_type = "Cost"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Required

- `metadata` - (Block List, Max: 1) Contains data that helps uniquely identify the resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` - (Block List, Max: 1) Defines the characteristics for the resource. This is the desired state for the resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Optional

- `timeouts` - (Block) Sets the duration of time the create, delete, and update functions are allowed to run. If the function takes longer than this, it is assumed the function has failed. The default is 10 minutes. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

***Required***

- `name` - (String) The name of the project tag association. This must be unique in your organization.
- `project` - (String) The name of the Rafay project the cluster will be created in.

***Optional***

- `labels` - (Map of String) The labels for the cluster.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

***Required***

- `association` - (Map of String) The tags to attach to the project tag association. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--association))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--association"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.assocation`

***Required***

- `tag_key` - (String) The tag key.
- `tag_type` - (String) The tag type.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

***Optional***

- `create` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for creating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.
- `delete` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for deleting a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.
- `update` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for updating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.

## Attribute Reference

---

- `id` - (String) The ID of the resource, generated by the system after you create the resource.
