---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rafay_project_tags_association Resource - terraform-provider-rafay"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rafay_project_tags_association (Resource)

This is an example of a project tag association.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rafay_project_tags_association" "tfptagassociation1" {
  metadata {
    name = "tfptagassociation1"
    project = "terraform"
  }
  spec {
    associations {
      tag_key = "tag_key"
      tag_value = "tag_value"
      tag_type = "namespacelabel"
      resource = "demo-namespace"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

### Required

- `metadata` - (Block List, Max: 1) Contains data that helps uniquely identify the resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` - (Block List, Max: 1) Defines the characteristics for the resource. This is the desired state for the resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Optional

- `timeouts` - (Block) Sets the duration of time the create, delete, and update functions are allowed to run. If the function takes longer than this, it is assumed the function has failed. The default is 10 minutes. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

***Required***

- `name` - (String) The name of the project tag association. This must be unique in your organization.
- `project` - (String) The name of the Rafay project the project tag association will be created in.

***Optional***

- `labels` - (Map of String) The labels for the project tag association.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

***Required***

- `associations` - (Block List) Project tag associations (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--associations))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--associations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.assocations`

***Required***

- `tag_key` - (String) The tag key.
- `tag_type` - (String) The tag type. Supported values are: `cost`, `k8s` and `namespacelabel`.

***Optional***

- `tag_value` - (String) The tag value. If tag value is not provided it defaults to an empty string `""`. The combination of tag_key and tag_value must be unique for a project and can be associated with all the tag types. 
- `resource` - (String) Name of the resource to which tag must be associated. 
**resource field is required if the tag_type is namespacelabel**

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

***Optional***

- `create` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for creating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.
- `delete` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for deleting a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.
- `update` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for updating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.

## Attribute Reference

---

- `id` - (String) The ID of the resource, generated by the system after you create the resource.
