---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rafay_project Resource - terraform-provider-rafay"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rafay_project (Resource)

Create a project resource. 

## Example Usage

---

```terraform
resource "rafay_project" "tfdemoproject1" {
  metadata {
    name        = "terraform"
    description = "terraform project"
  }
  spec {
    default = false
    cluster_resource_quota {
      cpu_requests = "8m"
      memory_requests = "4Mi"
      cpu_limits = "6m"
      memory_limits = "8Mi"
        config_maps = "10"
        persistent_volume_claims = "5"
        secrets = "4"
        services = "20"    
        pods = "200"
        replication_controllers = "10"
    }
    default_cluster_namespace_quota {
      cpu_requests = "4m"
        memory_requests = "2Mi"
        cpu_limits = "2m"
        memory_limits = "4Mi"
        config_maps = "5"
        persistent_volume_claims = "2"
        secrets = "2"
        services = "10"
        pods = "20"
        replication_controllers = "4"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference 

---

***Required***
- `metadata` - (Block List, Max: 1) Contains information about the project. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` - (Block List, Max: 1) Defines if this project is the default in the organization. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

***Optional***

- `timeouts` - (Block) Sets the duration of time the create, delete, and update functions are allowed to run. If the function takes longer than this, it is assumed the function has failed. The default is 10 minutes. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))


<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

***Required***
- `name` - (String) The name of the namespace. This must be unique to the organization. 

***Optional***
- `description` - (String) A description of the resource, provided by the user. 


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

***Required***
- `cluster_resource_quota` - (Block List; Max: 1) The resource requests and limits for the project. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--cluster_resource_quota))
- `default` - (Boolean) Sets the project to be the default in the organization. 

  **Note**: The only option is `false`. Only one default project is allowed, and the defaultproject is already set as the default. Changing this setting to true does not change the default project. 

- `default_cluster_namespace_quota` - (Block List; Max: 1) The resource requests and limits for the namespace. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--specs--default_cluster_namespace_quota))


<a id="nestedblock--spec--cluster_resource_quota"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_resource_quota` 

***Required*** 
- `cpu_limits` - (String) The minimum CPU resource. 
- `cpu_requests` - (String) The requested CPU resource. 
- `memory_limits` - (String) The maximum memory resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--cluster_resource_quota--memory_limits))
- `memory_requests` - (String) The requested memory resource. 


<a id="nestedblock--spec--cluster_resource_quota--memory_limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.cluster_resource_quota.memory_limits` 

***Required*** 
- `config_maps` - (String) The maximum number of configuration maps allowed in the cluster. 
- `persistent_volume_claims` - (String) The maximum number of persistent volume claims (PVC) allowed in the cluster. 
- `pods` - (String) The maximum number of pods allowed in the cluster. 
- `replication_controllers` - (String) The maximum number of replication controllers in the cluster. 
- `secrets` - (String) The maximum number of secrets in the cluster. 
- `services` - (String) The maximum number of services in the cluster. 


<a id="nestedblock--specs--default_cluster_namespace_quota"></a>
### Nested Schema for `specs.default_cluster_namespace_quota` 

***Required***
- `cpu_requests` - (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--specs--default_cluster_namespace_quota))


<a id="nestedblock--specs--default_cluster_namespace_quota--cpu_requests"></a>
### Nested Schema for `specs.default_cluster_namespace_quota.cpu_requests` 

***Required*** 
- `config_maps ` - (String) The maximum number of configuration maps allowed in a cluster namespace. 
- `cpu_limits` - (String) The minimum CPU resource in a cluster namespace. 
- `memory_limits` - (String) The maximum memory resource in a cluster namespace. 
- `memory_requests` - (String) The requested memory resource in a cluster namespace.
- `persistent_volume_claims` - (String) The maximum number of persistent volume claims (PVC) allowed in a cluster namespace. 
- `pods` - (String) The maximum number of pods allowed in a cluster namespace.
- `replication_controllers` - (String) The maximum number of replication controllers in a cluster namespace. 
- `secrets` - (String) The maximum number of secrets in a cluster namespace. 
- `services` - (String) The maximum number of services in a cluster namespace. 


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

***Optional***
- `create` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for creating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes. 
- `delete` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for deleting a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes. 
- `update` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for updating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes. 


## Attribute Reference

---

- `id` - (String) The ID of the resource, generated by the system after you create the resource. 