---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rafay_secret_group Resource - terraform-provider-rafay"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rafay_secret_group (Resource)

A secret group is a group of users who have been granted access to a secret, which sensitive data like a password or key.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rafay_secret_group" "tfdemosg" {
  metadata {
    name    = "email-test"
    project = "terraform"
  }
  spec {
    secrets {
      file_path = "aws/credential"
      secret    = "aws-credential"
    }
    secrets {
      file_path = "gke/credential"
      secret    = "gke-credential"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

***Required***

- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Contains data that helps uniquely identify the resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Defines the characteristics for the resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

***Optional***

- `timeouts` (Block) Sets the duration of time the create, delete, and update functions are allowed to run. If the function takes longer than this, it is assumed the function has failed. The default is 10 minutes. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

***Optional***

- `annotations` (Map of String) A key value map stored with the resource that can be used to store metadata.
- `description` (String) A description of the resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) A map of string keys and values for organizing and categorizing resources.
- `name` (String) The name of the resource.
- `project` (String) The project of the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

***Optional***

- `secret` (Block List, Max: 1) The secrets for the secret group. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--secret))
- `secrets` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--secrets))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret`

***Optional***

- `name` (String) The relative path of an artifact.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secrets`

***Optional***

- `file_path` (String) The path to where the secret will be written.
- `secret` (String) The name of the secret.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

***Optional***

- `create` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for creating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.
- `delete` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for deleting a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.
- `update` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for updating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.

## Attribute Reference

---

- `id` - (String) The ID of the resource, generated by the system after you create the resource. 
