---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rafay_secretsealer Resource - terraform-provider-rafay"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rafay_secretsealer (Resource)

Create a secret sealer for a project. A secret sealer helps to encrypt the sensitive data of the resource, making it safe to store, even in a public repository.

## Example Usage

```terraform
#Create a secret sealer, sharing across project disabled
resource "rafay_secretsealer" "tfdemosecretsealer1" {
  metadata {
    name    = "tfdemosecretsealer1"
    project = "terraform"
  }
  spec {
    type = ""
    sharing {
      enabled = false
    }
    version = ""
  }
}

resource "rafay_secretsealer" "tfdemosecretsealer2" {
  metadata {
    name    = "tfdemosecretsealer2"
    project = "terraform"
  }
  spec {
    type = ""
    sharing {
      enabled = true
      projects {
        name = "defaultproject"
      }
    }
    version = ""
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

---
***Required***

- `metadata` - (Block List, Max: 1) Contains data that helps uniquely identify the resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` - (Block List, Max: 1) Defines the characteristics for the resource. This is the desired state for the resource. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

***Optional***

- `timeouts` - (Block) Sets the duration of time the create, delete, and update functions are allowed to run. If the function takes longer than this, it is assumed the function has failed. The default is 10 minutes. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

---

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>

### Nested Schema for `metadata`

***Required***

- `name` - (String) The name of the resource. This must be unique in your organization.
- `project` - (String) The name of the Rafay project the pipeline will be associated with.

***Optional***

- `annotations` - (Map of String) Annotations of the resource.
- `description` - (String) Description of the resource.
- `labels` - (Map of String) Labels of the resource.

---

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>

### Nested Schema for `spec`

***Optional***

- `sharing` - (Block List, Max: 1) Enables sharing the pipeline. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--sharing))
- `type` - (String) The type of secret sealer.
- `version` - (String) The version of the secret sealer.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--sharing"></a>

### Nested Schema for `spec.sharing`

***Optional***

- `enabled` - (Boolean) Enables sharing the pipeline.
- `projects` - (Block List) List of projects this resource is shared with. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--sharing--projects))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--sharing--projects"></a>

### Nested Schema for `spec.sharing.projects`

***Optional***

- `name` - (String) Name of the project.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

***Optional***

- `create` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for creating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.
- `delete` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for deleting a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.
- `update` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for updating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.

## Attribute Reference

---

- `id` - (String) The ID of the resource, generated by the system after you create the resource.
