---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rafay_user Resource - terraform-provider-rafay"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# rafay_user (Resource)

The resource to create a local user.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rafay_user" "sampleuser" {
  user_name = "sampleuser@acme.com"
  first_name = "Bob"
  last_name = "Ross"
  phone = "12345678901"
  groups = ["group1", "group2"]
  generate_apikey = true
  console_access = true
}

output "apikey" {
  description = "user api key"
  sensitive = true
  value     = rafay_user.sampleuser.apikey
}
output "api_secret" {
  description = "user api secret"
  sensitive = true
  value       = rafay_user.sampleuser.api_secret
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

---

### Required

- `user_name` (String) The username for local user. Must be unique.

### Optional

- `first_name` (String) The user's first name.
- `generate_apikey` (Boolean) Creates an API Key for the user.
- `console_access` (Boolean) Enables Console Access for the user.
- `groups` (List of String) The group names the user belongs to.
- `last_name` (String) The user's last name.
- `phone` (String) The user's phone number.
- `timeouts` (Block) Sets the duration of time the create, delete, and update functions are allowed to run. If the function takes longer than this, it is assumed the function has failed. The default is 10 minutes. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

!!! Note
    The `first_name` and `last_name` are required if `console_access` is set to true for the user.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `apikey` (String) The API Key (sensitive).
- `api_secret` (String) The API Secret (sensitive).


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

***Optional***
- `create` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for creating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.
- `delete` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for deleting a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.
- `update` - (String) Sets the timeout duration for updating a resource. The default timeout is 10 minutes.
